
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.014451                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14451009500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                14451009500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   9259                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    15960                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2712396                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2262848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5327.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    49330220                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      85030551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2212352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2212352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0          576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total            576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        34568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              34568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    153093249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            153093249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        39859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               39859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    153133108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           153133108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      34568                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    34568                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2212288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2212352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                 576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             2458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  14449851500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                34568                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   9                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  24862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        21754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.678036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.917486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   116.283127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18465     84.88%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1581      7.27%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          412      1.89%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          196      0.90%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          999      4.59%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           86      0.40%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        21754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1112031750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1760163000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 172835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    32170.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               50920.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      153.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   153.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.48                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   12809                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                37.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    417903.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                79553880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                42268710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              122365320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        955150560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           432904170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            32714880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4078590540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy      596616000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy       744154275                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7084467555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           490.240305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         13414929750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29145250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    404526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2918165750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1553542000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    601383500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8944247000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                75798240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                40287720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              124443060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        943472400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           429929910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            28393920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4000844250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy      590600640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy       797052270                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7031217750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           486.555455                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         13432659000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30845500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    399634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3121550750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1537968250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    587064250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8773946750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2176448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2176448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1          832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total            832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        34007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              34007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    150608717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            150608717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        57574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               57574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    150666291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           150666291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      34007                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    34007                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2176448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2176448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                 832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  14450197000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                34007                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                  13                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  24695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   2053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        21335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.007031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.040580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   116.895499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18093     84.80%     84.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1542      7.23%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          427      2.00%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          172      0.81%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1006      4.72%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           79      0.37%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.03%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        21335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1071743500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1709374750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 170035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    31515.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               50265.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      150.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   150.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.47                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   12670                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                37.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    424755.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   37.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                77911680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                41403450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              120358980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        950848080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           427514250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            32161440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4064847840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy      615935040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy       737496210                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7068683610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           489.148067                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         13428774500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27317250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    402664000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2911133500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1603892750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    591883750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8914118250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                74434500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                39562875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              122451000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        936096720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           424662540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            27104160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4042021620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy      570259680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy       782718810                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7019406255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           485.738108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         13446989750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    396418000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3099802250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1485052250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    578341500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8864263500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2186176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2186176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total            256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        34159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              34159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    151281888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            151281888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        17715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               17715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    151299603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           151299603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      34159                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    34159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2186176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2186176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                 256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             2011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             2205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             2277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             2479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             1859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            2234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            2130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            2465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            2451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            2079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  14449851000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                34159                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   4                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  24783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   5651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   2007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        21285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.700681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.576407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   117.080511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17870     83.96%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1733      8.14%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          421      1.98%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          159      0.75%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1008      4.74%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      0.35%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.04%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        21285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1078243000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1718724250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 170795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    31565.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               50315.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      151.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   151.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.53                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   12872                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                37.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    422967.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   37.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                77469000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                41168160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              120737400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        952692000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy           428467860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy            33166080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4088621400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy      573515040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy       756411945                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy            7072347645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           489.401616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime         13424658000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30515250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    403498000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2964998000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1493687000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    592056000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8966255250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                74520180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                39608415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              123157860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        931179600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy           425103720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy            27631200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy     3971218500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy      595428480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy       805842060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy            6993690015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           483.958562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime         13443327000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28599000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    394344000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3187406500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1550656500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    581066500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8708937000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2193728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2193728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total            256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        34277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              34277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    151804481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            151804481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        17715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               17715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    151822196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           151822196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      34277                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    34277                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2193728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2193728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                 256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             2115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             2283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             2442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             2006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            2175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            2487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            2431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  14448730000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                34277                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   4                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  24765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   5560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        21621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.462837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.922355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   115.430768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18325     84.76%     84.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1613      7.46%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          412      1.91%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          177      0.82%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1004      4.64%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           78      0.36%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        21621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1097146750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1739840500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 171385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    32008.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               50758.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      151.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   151.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.47                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   12656                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                36.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    421479.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   36.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                78789900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                41877825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              121287180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        949618800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy           429728130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy            31986720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4105915200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy      570537120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy       743780955                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy            7073834070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           489.504475                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime         13423674250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27211750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    402150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2934661750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1485658500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    596894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9004433500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                75584040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                40173870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              123450600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        933638160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy           426407310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy            26901120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4012586250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy      583135200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy       789343305                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy            7011275295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           485.175451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime         13442583000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26663000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    395366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3127616750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1518616750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    583080750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8799666250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2193984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           2193984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4          576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total            576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        34281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              34281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4    151822196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total            151822196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4        39859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               39859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4    151862055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total           151862055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      34281                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    34281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                       9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               2193984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                2193984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                 576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             2023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             2121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             2187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             2453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             1781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            2276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            2146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            2516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            2408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            2105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  14447964500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                34281                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                   9                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  24745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                   5663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                   2058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                    973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                    445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                    163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                     25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        21492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.071841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.172842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   116.220172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18192     84.65%     84.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1585      7.37%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383          443      2.06%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511          189      0.88%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639          997      4.64%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      0.35%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        21492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1126318250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             1769087000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 171405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    32855.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               51605.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                      151.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                   151.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                      1.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   12786                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                37.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                    421346.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   37.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                78540000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                41733615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              121315740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        965599440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy           432113010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy            33979200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4154733420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy      584600640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy       710604225                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy            7123259910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           492.924710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime         13413970750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31163250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF    408952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2781156750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1522291000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    595993000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9111453500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                74934300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                39828525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              123450600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        942857760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy           427705200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy            28618560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4035602850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy      585999840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy       777577290                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy            7036692075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           486.934275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime         13435674500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30718000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF    399308000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3062220250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1526145500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    582637750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8849980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2207104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           2207104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5          448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total            448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        34486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              34486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5    152730091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total            152730091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5        31001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               31001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5    152761093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total           152761093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      34486                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    34486                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                       7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               2207104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                2207104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                 448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             2023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             2138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             2195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             2021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             2486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            2281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            2244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            2168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            2516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            2444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            2105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  14448502500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                34486                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                   7                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  24935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                   5700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                   2095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                    950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                    437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                    172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                     76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        21615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.095027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.101214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   116.788302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18323     84.77%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1568      7.25%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383          422      1.95%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511          185      0.86%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1028      4.76%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767           78      0.36%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        21615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1116076250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             1762688750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 172430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    32363.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               51113.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                      152.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                   152.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.55                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                      1.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   12866                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                37.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                    418882.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   37.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                78954120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                41957520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              121979760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        955765200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy           431604570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy            33327840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4118455770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy      578969280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy       731683065                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy            7092761685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           490.814253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime         13416900500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF    404750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2878137750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1507699250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    598174000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9031896500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                75412680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                40071405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              124250280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        938555280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy           428738040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy            28453440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4009340100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy      590016000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy       787926255                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy            7022951460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           485.983434                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime         13436248000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30730750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF    397476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3107358750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1536416250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    586420250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8792607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2211968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           2211968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total            256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        34562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              34562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6    153066677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total            153066677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6        17715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total               17715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6    153084392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total           153084392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      34562                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    34562                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                       4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               2211968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                2211968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                 256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             2027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             2137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             2239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             2028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             2475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            2276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            2274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            2195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            2502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            2452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            2127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  14448281000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                34562                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                   4                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  24932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                   5767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                   2118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                    969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                    414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                    164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                     75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        21796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.464489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.834829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   116.019539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18522     84.98%     84.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1565      7.18%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383          438      2.01%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511          168      0.77%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1007      4.62%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767           81      0.37%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        21796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1086240250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             1734277750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 172810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    31428.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               50178.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                      153.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                   153.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.48                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                      0.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   12761                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                36.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                    417991.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   36.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                79503900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                42245940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              122329620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        956994480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy           433409190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy            33560160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4100162190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy      600471840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy       726777165                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy            7095474015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           491.001945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime         13412615750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30620250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF    405288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2857795750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1563607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    601882500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8991815500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                76155240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                40469880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              124443060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        934867440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy           428784780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy            28170720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy     3986010000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy      606631200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy       787124040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy            7012656360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           485.271020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime         13437278000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29629000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF    395916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3116313500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1579762500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    588151500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8741237000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2204608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           2204608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7          448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total            448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        34447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              34447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7    152557370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total            152557370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7        31001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               31001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7    152588371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total           152588371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      34447                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    34447                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                       7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               2204608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                2204608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                 448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             2050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             2479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            2260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            2247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            2174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            2504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            2472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            2070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  14449952000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                34447                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                   7                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  24918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                   5785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                   2016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                    960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                    432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                     33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        21680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.679705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.948066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   116.215086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18389     84.82%     84.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1596      7.36%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383          423      1.95%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511          170      0.78%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1018      4.70%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767           69      0.32%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        21680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1073255000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             1719136250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 172235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    31156.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               49906.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                      152.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                   152.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.51                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                      1.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   12765                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                37.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                    419398.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   37.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                78946980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                41953725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              121965480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        951462720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy           431732250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy            32295360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4080165450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy      594200640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy       742371330                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy            7075268655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           489.603748                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime         13419318250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27992750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF    402930000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2924612750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1547463500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    600060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8947950500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                75862500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                40321875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              123986100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        933638160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy           429184350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy            27025440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4012875240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy      576983520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy       792078150                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy            7012096995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           485.232312                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime         13437607750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27262500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF    395378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3136397500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1502729000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    588975000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8800267500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                115                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                       26592772                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                   4005874                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                     6844040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses             6772025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                72572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                     34514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts       542288                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                    6772025                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                       72572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads          13494527                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes          5805297                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads             122779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes             62481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads            3623857                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes           2904673                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                     1705403                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                   1267550                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                   437853                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             2124740.109389                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             24468031.890611                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.920101                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.079899                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                          611113                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               22461      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                 5014476     73.27%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                  12823      0.19%     73.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   36985      0.54%     74.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                 51892      0.76%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                1252511     18.30%     93.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                436024      6.37%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead             15039      0.22%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                  6844040                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu01.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                       20279121                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   3045382                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                     5316867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses             5244982                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts       429043                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                    5244982                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads          10497699                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes          4504891                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            3000193                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           2339337                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     1141221                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                    816459                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                   324762                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             6050262.161308                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             14228858.838692                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.701651                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.298349                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                          497533                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                 4051655     76.20%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                  12804      0.24%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.70%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.97%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                 801432     15.07%     93.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                322933      6.07%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.28%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                  5316867                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu02.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                109                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                       24477872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                   3669931                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                     6308061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses             6236089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                72526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                     34476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts       502312                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                    6236089                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                       72526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          12444029                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes          5349365                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads             122697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes             62439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            3403694                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           2705132                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     1508366                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   1110395                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                   397971                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             3746925.224035                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             20730946.775965                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.846926                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.153074                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                          570980                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass               22454      0.36%      0.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                 4675590     74.12%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  12817      0.20%     74.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   36978      0.59%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                 51856      0.82%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                1095360     17.36%     93.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                396142      6.28%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead             15035      0.24%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                  6308061                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu03.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                115                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                       26520384                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                   3998547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                     6832093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses             6760078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                72572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                     34514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts       541364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                    6760078                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                       72572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          13471260                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes          5795198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads             122779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes             62481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            3618777                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           2900049                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     1701129                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                   1264204                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                   436925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             2185379.325801                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             24335004.674199                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.917596                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.082404                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                          610193                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass               22461      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                 5006803     73.28%     73.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  12823      0.19%     73.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   36985      0.54%     74.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                 51892      0.76%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                1249165     18.28%     93.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                435096      6.37%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead             15039      0.22%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                  6832093                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu04.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                       18209734                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   2728638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                     4813492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses             4741607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       391721                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                    4741607                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads           9509758                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes          4076162                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            2794916                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           2152701                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                      954964                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                    667535                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                   287429                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             6736680.427936                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             11473053.572064                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.630051                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.369949                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                          460214                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                 3734543     77.58%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.27%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.77%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.08%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                 652508     13.56%     93.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                285600      5.93%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.31%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                  4813492                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu05.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                103                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                       22343238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   3362501                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     5820848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             5748919                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                72480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                     34438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       466386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    5748919                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                       72480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          11486814                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          4934097                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads             122615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes             62397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            3205853                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           2525747                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     1327512                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                    965466                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   362046                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             5070386.428970                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             17272851.571030                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.773068                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.226932                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          534992                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass               22447      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 4369287     75.06%     75.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  12811      0.22%     75.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   36971      0.64%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                 51820      0.89%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 950435     16.33%     93.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                360217      6.19%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead             15031      0.26%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  5820848                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu06.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                       20271915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   3038413                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     5305408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             5233523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       428145                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    5233523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          10475414                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          4495228                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            2995261                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           2334833                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     1137155                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                    813305                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   323850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             6053166.554129                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             14218748.445871                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.701401                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.298599                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                          496649                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 4044262     76.23%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  12804      0.24%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.70%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.98%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                 798278     15.05%     93.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                322021      6.07%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.28%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                  5305408                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu07.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                       11576442                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   2609935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     4610092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             4538207                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       374781                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    4538207                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads           9119511                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          3906640                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            2701811                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           2067875                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                      886949                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                    616588                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   270361                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             6939602.982972                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             4636839.017028                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.400541                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.599459                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                          443404                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 3599158     78.07%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.28%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.80%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.12%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 601561     13.05%     93.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                268532      5.82%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.33%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                  4610092                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu08.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                121                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                       28687552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   4338984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     7373416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             7301358                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                72618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                     34552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       581510                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    7301358                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                       72618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads          14533596                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          6256134                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads             122861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes             62523                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            3839834                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           3100522                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     1901158                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   1424099                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   477059                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             212875.552802                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             28474676.447198                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.992580                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.007420                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                          650414                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass               22468      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 5348041     72.53%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  12829      0.17%     73.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   36992      0.50%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                 51928      0.70%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                1409056     19.11%     93.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                475230      6.45%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead             15043      0.20%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                  7373416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu09.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                       18196199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   2730310                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     4816384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             4744499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       391965                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    4744499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads           9515190                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes          4078566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            2796276                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           2153885                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                      955868                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                    668231                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   287637                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             6740194.558764                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             11456004.441236                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.629582                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.370418                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                          460494                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                 3736531     77.58%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.27%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.77%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.08%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                 653204     13.56%     93.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                285808      5.93%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.31%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                  4816384                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                127                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                       28902019                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   4561509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     7711720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             7639619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                72664                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                     34590                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       604634                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    7639619                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                       72664                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads          15207368                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          6548093                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads             122943                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes             62565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            3967263                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           3215903                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     2033946                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                   1533759                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   500187                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             28902018.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                          673599                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass               22475      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 5553501     72.01%     72.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  12835      0.17%     72.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   36999      0.48%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                 51964      0.67%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                1518712     19.69%     93.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                498358      6.46%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead             15047      0.20%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                  7711720                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                109                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                       24424685                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   3667673                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     6304238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             6232266                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                72526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                     34476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts       501999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    6232266                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                       72526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          12436559                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          5346168                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads             122697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes             62439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            3401994                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           2703524                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     1507012                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   1109397                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   397615                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             3783731.255283                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             20640953.744717                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.845086                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.154914                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                          570710                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass               22454      0.36%      0.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 4673121     74.13%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  12817      0.20%     74.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   36978      0.59%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                 51856      0.82%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                1094362     17.36%     93.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                395786      6.28%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead             15035      0.24%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                  6304238                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                103                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                       22366778                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   3361910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     5819867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             5747938                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                72480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                     34438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       466308                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    5747938                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                       72480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          11484979                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          4933272                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads             122615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes             62397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            3205412                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           2525381                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     1327202                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                    965210                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   361992                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             5057511.195260                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             17309266.804740                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.773883                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.226117                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                          534890                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass               22447      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                 4368616     75.06%     75.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  12811      0.22%     75.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   36971      0.64%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                 51820      0.89%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 950179     16.33%     93.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                360163      6.19%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead             15031      0.26%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                  5819867                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                121                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                       26720063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   4210613                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                     7154025                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses             7081967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                72618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                     34552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts       563306                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                    7081967                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                       72618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          14112691                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          6073151                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads             122861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes             62523                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            3739715                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           3009500                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                     1827706                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   1368856                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                   458850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             2017229.378772                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             24702833.621228                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.924505                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.075495                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                          632215                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               22468      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                 5202102     72.72%     73.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  12829      0.18%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   36992      0.52%     73.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                 51928      0.73%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                1353813     18.92%     93.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                457021      6.39%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead             15043      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                  7154025                       # Class of executed instruction
system.fpga0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.fpga0.clk_domain.clock                    3333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.fpga0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.numCycles                        4210061                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.fpga0.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.fpga0.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.fpga1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.fpga1.clk_domain.clock                    3333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.fpga1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.numCycles                        3884828                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.fpga1.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.fpga1.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.piobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.piobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              790749                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             790749                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                470                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               470                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       170476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       170476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        57578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        57578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       130570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       130570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       169556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       169556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        20290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        20290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        94808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        94808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        56694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        56694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port         3480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       209550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       209550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        20570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        20570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       232508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       232508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       130300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       130300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        94706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        94706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       191352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       191352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count::total                1582438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       681904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       681904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       230312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       230312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       522280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       522280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       678224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       678224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        81160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        81160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       379232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       379232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       226776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       226776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        13920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        13920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       838200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       838200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        82280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        82280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       930032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       930032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       521200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       521200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       378824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       378824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       765408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       765408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size::total                 6329752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.reqLayer0.occupancy           648847500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.reqLayer1.occupancy           458942000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer2.occupancy          177389000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer2.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer4.occupancy           60906000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer4.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer6.occupancy          135387500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer6.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer8.occupancy          177044000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer8.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer10.occupancy          21940500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer10.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer12.occupancy         100108500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer12.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer14.occupancy          59733000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer14.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer16.occupancy           3456000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer18.occupancy         217436000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer18.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer20.occupancy          22494500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer20.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer22.occupancy         239527500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer22.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer24.occupancy         135373000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer24.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer26.occupancy          99076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer26.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer28.occupancy         196685500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer28.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                5330187                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 13.601228                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                11.937784                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 7.526895                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |      754359     14.15%     14.15% |     3380789     63.43%     77.58% |      366327      6.87%     84.45% |      606547     11.38%     95.83% |      222067      4.17%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  5330187                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     84965366                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000117                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000081                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.010808                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    84955440     99.99%     99.99% |        9926      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     84965366                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       84965366                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.599050                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.444662                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        13.784718                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    84952535     99.98%     99.98% |        5032      0.01%     99.99% |        3956      0.00%    100.00% |         417      0.00%    100.00% |        3088      0.00%    100.00% |         338      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         84965366                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     83932726                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.701912                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.383135                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.270062                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    64294918     76.60%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |    19637808     23.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     83932726                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1032640                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    75.518151                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    49.671146                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   100.602976                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1019809     98.76%     98.76% |        5032      0.49%     99.24% |        3956      0.38%     99.63% |         417      0.04%     99.67% |        3088      0.30%     99.97% |         338      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1032640                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1520937                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        99937                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1620874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      5326837                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         2517                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5329354                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1069559                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1113141                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4083400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses         2508                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4085908                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1786918                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses       131483                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1918401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits      6030157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses         1685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6031842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1362087                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80484                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1442571                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits      4887584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses         1686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4889270                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1218471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1280558                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits      4493738                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses         1683                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4495421                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1621406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses       111333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1732739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits      5576000                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses         1677                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5577677                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits         7511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses          889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits         7511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses          889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1363032                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1443790                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4890852                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         1682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4892534                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1517376                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        99684                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1617060                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      5317805                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses         1695                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5319500                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits       920088                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25440                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       945528                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits      3674057                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses         1684                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3675741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1218630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62187                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1280817                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits      4494473                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses         1692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4496165                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1066120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43397                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1109517                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits      4073962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses         2508                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4076470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits       868604                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17314                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       885918                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits      3504237                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses         1692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3505929                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1675431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses       121661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1797092                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits      5758695                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses         1681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5760376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits       920858                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25434                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       946292                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits      3676390                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses         1691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3678081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        17318                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        64237                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        46920                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        17159                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        64079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        48960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        17282                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        66242                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        47371                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        17280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64651                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        47334                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        17411                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        64745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        47353                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        17477                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        64830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        49686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        17449                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        67135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        46457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        17313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        63770                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        46970                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        17115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        64085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        47016                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        17235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        64251                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47044                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        17080                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        64124                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        46524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        17261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        63785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        46743                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        17323                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        64066                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47004                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        17344                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        64348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47028                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        17460                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        64488                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        46746                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        17058                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        63804                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2568784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2568784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2590123                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2568784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2568784                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2921848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2921848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2955304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2921848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2921848                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3258622                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3258622                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3304389                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3258622                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3258622                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      2486610                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      2486610                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2504377                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2486610                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      2486610                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      2686347                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      2686347                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2704271                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2686347                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      2686347                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2710298                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2710298                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2735133                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2710298                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2710298                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2938770                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2938770                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2968806                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2938770                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2938770                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2443030                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2443030                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2460142                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2443030                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2443030                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3776792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3776792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3827615                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3776792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3776792                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3799773                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3799773                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3846245                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3799773                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3799773                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4535470                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4535470                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity      4606842                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity      4535470                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4535470                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      3226575                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      3226575                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3269439                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3226575                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      3226575                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2247434                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2247434                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2267561                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2247434                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2247434                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3373704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3373704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3424499                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3373704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3373704                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2998858                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2998858                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3037399                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2998858                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2998858                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1986234                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1986234                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2002167                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1986234                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1986234                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |     2296087     40.96%     40.96% |     2299764     41.03%     81.99% |     1009480     18.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total      5605331                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |     2296087     40.96%     40.96% |     2299764     41.03%     81.99% |     1009480     18.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total      5605331                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |    36928742                       |    26935437                       |     9287760                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |     5580865                       |     3072548                       |     1009480                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |   16.083337                       |   11.712261                       |    9.200539                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |    2.430598                       |    1.336028                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    13.050423                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency     1.723876                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency    14.774298                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5607139     39.63%     39.63% |     7533796     53.24%     92.87% |     1009480      7.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     14150415                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5607139     39.63%     39.63% |     7533796     53.24%     92.87% |     1009480      7.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     14150415                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |    92362244                       |    79728741                       |     9287760                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |    12202985                       |    11352132                       |     1009480                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |   16.472259                       |   10.582811                       |    9.200539                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |    2.176330                       |    1.506828                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    12.817910                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency     1.735963                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency    14.553873                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization     14150415                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization     14150415                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization     33808734                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     2.148970                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.569166     26.49%     26.49% |    0.194365      9.04%     35.53% |    0.060381      2.81%     38.34% |    0.048412      2.25%     40.59% |    0.875455     40.74%     81.33% |    0.110667      5.15%     86.48% |    0.066596      3.10%     89.58% |    0.064290      2.99%     92.57% |    0.132005      6.14%     98.71% |    0.010164      0.47%     99.19% |    0.008737      0.41%     99.59% |    0.008731      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       2.148970                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             2.389240                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14451009500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3027817                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        15.035930                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       12.621753                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        9.210551                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      518682     17.13%     17.13% |     1628260     53.78%     70.91% |       53086      1.75%     72.66% |      605630     20.00%     92.66% |      222061      7.33%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3027817                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2299407                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        11.718359                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       11.098557                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.650306                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      234825     10.21%     10.21% |      900978     39.18%     49.40% |      849475     36.94%     86.34% |      282763     12.30%     98.64% |       30443      1.32%     99.96% |         876      0.04%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2299407                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          2963                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         8.696929                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.297660                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.610285                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         852     28.75%     28.75% |        1645     55.52%     84.27% |         431     14.55%     98.82% |          33      1.11%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            2963                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12873143                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.651509                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.720879                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     28.571710                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    12864982     99.94%     99.94% |        3074      0.02%     99.96% |        1705      0.01%     99.97% |         385      0.00%     99.98% |        2662      0.02%    100.00% |         335      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      12873143                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12004088                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.676664                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.367091                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.253841                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9296509     77.44%     77.44% |           0      0.00%     77.44% |           0      0.00%     77.44% |     2707579     22.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12004088                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       869055                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.555264                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.340742                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    94.010436                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      860894     99.06%     99.06% |        3074      0.35%     99.41% |        1705      0.20%     99.61% |         385      0.04%     99.66% |        2662      0.31%     99.96% |         335      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       869055                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5333643                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.463226                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.493404                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     28.120626                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     5329850     99.93%     99.93% |        1564      0.03%     99.96% |        1918      0.04%     99.99% |          11      0.00%     99.99% |         297      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       5333643                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5198040                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.614944                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.328652                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.211064                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4132538     79.50%     79.50% |           0      0.00%     79.50% |           0      0.00%     79.50% |     1065502     20.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5198040                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       135603                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   152.978570                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.881878                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    93.373153                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      131810     97.20%     97.20% |        1564      1.15%     98.36% |        1918      1.41%     99.77% |          11      0.01%     99.78% |         297      0.22%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       135603                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     65814268                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.786793                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.398723                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.159435                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    65793651     99.97%     99.97% |       19815      0.03%    100.00% |         258      0.00%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     65814268                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     65788187                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.722276                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.396211                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.282632                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    49949111     75.92%     75.92% |           0      0.00%     75.92% |           0      0.00%     75.92% |    15839076     24.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     65788187                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        26081                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   164.527932                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   130.306743                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   114.077066                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5464     20.95%     20.95% |       19815     75.97%     96.92% |         258      0.99%     97.91% |          99      0.38%     98.29% |         166      0.64%     98.93% |         136      0.52%     99.45% |          14      0.05%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |           3      0.01%     99.52% |         126      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        26081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       944312                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.420257                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.048755                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.691243                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      942732     99.83%     99.83% |        1505      0.16%     99.99% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       944312                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       942411                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.081655                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.038454                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.488159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      916760     97.28%     97.28% |           0      0.00%     97.28% |           0      0.00%     97.28% |       25651      2.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       942411                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1901                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   169.280379                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   139.949784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    95.790186                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         321     16.89%     16.89% |        1505     79.17%     96.05% |          33      1.74%     97.79% |           4      0.21%     98.00% |          17      0.89%     98.90% |          14      0.74%     99.63% |           7      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1901                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       34568     12.58%     12.58% |       34007     12.38%     24.96% |       34159     12.43%     37.39% |       34277     12.47%     49.86% |       34281     12.48%     62.34% |       34486     12.55%     74.89% |       34562     12.58%     87.46% |       34447     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       274787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           9     15.79%     15.79% |          13     22.81%     38.60% |           4      7.02%     45.61% |           4      7.02%     52.63% |           9     15.79%     68.42% |           7     12.28%     80.70% |           4      7.02%     87.72% |           7     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total           57                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       34568     12.58%     12.58% |       34007     12.38%     24.96% |       34159     12.43%     37.39% |       34277     12.47%     49.86% |       34281     12.48%     62.34% |       34486     12.55%     74.89% |       34562     12.58%     87.46% |       34447     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       274787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |           9     15.79%     15.79% |          13     22.81%     38.60% |           4      7.02%     45.61% |           4      7.02%     52.63% |           9     15.79%     68.42% |           7     12.28%     80.70% |           4      7.02%     87.72% |           7     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total           57                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |          36     12.00%     12.00% |          45     15.00%     27.00% |          39     13.00%     40.00% |          41     13.67%     53.67% |          39     13.00%     66.67% |          30     10.00%     76.67% |          34     11.33%     88.00% |          36     12.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          300                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       34568     12.58%     12.58% |       34007     12.38%     24.96% |       34159     12.43%     37.39% |       34277     12.47%     49.86% |       34281     12.48%     62.34% |       34486     12.55%     74.89% |       34562     12.58%     87.46% |       34447     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       274787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |           9     15.79%     15.79% |          13     22.81%     38.60% |           4      7.02%     45.61% |           4      7.02%     52.63% |           9     15.79%     68.42% |           7     12.28%     80.70% |           4      7.02%     87.72% |           7     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total           57                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |          36     12.00%     12.00% |          45     15.00%     27.00% |          39     13.00%     40.00% |          41     13.67%     53.67% |          39     13.00%     66.67% |          30     10.00%     76.67% |          34     11.33%     88.00% |          36     12.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          300                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       34568     12.58%     12.58% |       34007     12.38%     24.96% |       34159     12.43%     37.39% |       34277     12.47%     49.86% |       34281     12.48%     62.34% |       34486     12.55%     74.89% |       34562     12.58%     87.46% |       34447     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       274787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |           9     15.79%     15.79% |          13     22.81%     38.60% |           4      7.02%     45.61% |           4      7.02%     52.63% |           9     15.79%     68.42% |           7     12.28%     80.70% |           4      7.02%     87.72% |           7     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1086849      8.44%      8.44% |      748526      5.81%     14.26% |      969512      7.53%     21.79% |     1084427      8.42%     30.21% |      636903      4.95%     35.16% |        4200      0.03%     35.19% |        4200      0.03%     35.23% |      860351      6.68%     41.91% |      746270      5.80%     47.71% |      602895      4.68%     52.39% |     1204334      9.36%     61.74% |      637355      4.95%     66.70% |     1291027     10.03%     76.72% |      968827      7.53%     84.25% |      860173      6.68%     90.93% |     1167294      9.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     12873143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5329355      8.10%      8.10% |     4085909      6.21%     14.31% |     4892535      7.43%     21.74% |     5319501      8.08%     29.82% |     3675742      5.59%     35.41% |           0      0.00%     35.41% |           0      0.00%     35.41% |     4496166      6.83%     42.24% |     4076471      6.19%     48.43% |     3505930      5.33%     53.76% |     5760377      8.75%     62.51% |     3678082      5.59%     68.10% |     6031843      9.16%     77.27% |     4889271      7.43%     84.69% |     4495422      6.83%     91.53% |     5577678      8.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     65814282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      534025      8.51%      8.51% |      364615      5.81%     14.31% |      474278      7.55%     21.87% |      532633      8.48%     30.35% |      308625      4.92%     35.27% |        4200      0.07%     35.34% |        4200      0.07%     35.40% |      420466      6.70%     42.10% |      363247      5.79%     47.89% |      283023      4.51%     52.39% |      592758      9.44%     61.84% |      308937      4.92%     66.76% |      627374      9.99%     76.75% |      473744      7.55%     84.30% |      420385      6.70%     90.99% |      565445      9.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6277955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          52      4.39%      4.39% |          51      4.30%      8.69% |          53      4.47%     13.16% |          80      6.75%     19.92% |          50      4.22%     24.14% |         189     15.95%     40.08% |         189     15.95%     56.03% |          51      4.30%     60.34% |          65      5.49%     65.82% |          51      4.30%     70.13% |          51      4.30%     74.43% |          74      6.24%     80.68% |          66      5.57%     86.24% |          50      4.22%     90.46% |          51      4.30%     94.77% |          62      5.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      100916     10.00%     10.00% |       44550      4.41%     14.41% |       80898      8.01%     22.42% |       99839      9.89%     32.31% |       25584      2.53%     34.84% |         153      0.02%     34.86% |         153      0.02%     34.87% |       62338      6.17%     41.05% |       44365      4.39%     45.44% |       17465      1.73%     47.17% |      121803     12.06%     59.24% |       25587      2.53%     61.77% |      131627     13.04%     74.81% |       80630      7.99%     82.80% |       62228      6.16%     88.96% |      111469     11.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1009605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          52      2.92%      2.92% |          52      2.92%      5.85% |          52      2.92%      8.77% |          52      2.92%     11.70% |          52      2.92%     14.62% |         525     29.53%     44.15% |         525     29.53%     73.68% |          52      2.92%     76.60% |          52      2.92%     79.53% |          52      2.92%     82.45% |          52      2.92%     85.38% |          52      2.92%     88.30% |          52      2.92%     91.23% |          52      2.92%     94.15% |          52      2.92%     97.08% |          52      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          23      7.37%      7.37% |          22      7.05%     14.42% |          22      7.05%     21.47% |          22      7.05%     28.53% |          22      7.05%     35.58% |           0      0.00%     35.58% |           0      0.00%     35.58% |          21      6.73%     42.31% |          22      7.05%     49.36% |          23      7.37%     56.73% |          23      7.37%     64.10% |          21      6.73%     70.83% |          23      7.37%     78.21% |          23      7.37%     85.58% |          23      7.37%     92.95% |          22      7.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       88073     10.16%     10.16% |       31885      3.68%     13.83% |       69927      8.06%     21.90% |       87982     10.15%     32.04% |       13900      1.60%     33.64% |           0      0.00%     33.64% |           0      0.00%     33.64% |       50575      5.83%     39.48% |       31901      3.68%     43.15% |       13901      1.60%     44.76% |      109173     12.59%     57.35% |       13842      1.60%     58.94% |      127907     14.75%     73.69% |       69868      8.06%     81.75% |       50510      5.82%     87.57% |      107791     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       867235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          75      4.22%      4.22% |          75      4.22%      8.44% |          75      4.22%     12.65% |          75      4.22%     16.87% |          75      4.22%     21.09% |         364     20.47%     41.56% |         364     20.47%     62.04% |          75      4.22%     66.25% |          75      4.22%     70.47% |          75      4.22%     74.69% |          75      4.22%     78.91% |          75      4.22%     83.13% |          75      4.22%     87.35% |          75      4.22%     91.56% |          75      4.22%     95.78% |          75      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       14279      8.78%      8.78% |       14104      8.68%     17.46% |       12412      7.64%     25.10% |       13296      8.18%     33.27% |       13123      8.07%     41.35% |         175      0.11%     41.45% |         175      0.11%     41.56% |       13204      8.12%     49.69% |       13904      8.55%     58.24% |        5003      3.08%     61.32% |       14067      8.65%     69.97% |       13183      8.11%     78.08% |        5159      3.17%     81.25% |       12200      7.50%     88.76% |       13158      8.09%     96.85% |        5118      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       162560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           4      0.52%      0.52% |           5      0.65%      1.17% |           5      0.65%      1.83% |           5      0.65%      2.48% |           5      0.65%      3.13% |         350     45.69%     48.83% |         350     45.69%     94.52% |           6      0.78%     95.30% |           5      0.65%     95.95% |           4      0.52%     96.48% |           4      0.52%     97.00% |           6      0.78%     97.78% |           4      0.52%     98.30% |           4      0.52%     98.83% |           4      0.52%     99.35% |           5      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          27      2.53%      2.53% |          26      2.44%      4.97% |          26      2.44%      7.40% |          26      2.44%      9.84% |          26      2.44%     12.28% |         350     32.80%     45.08% |         350     32.80%     77.88% |          25      2.34%     80.22% |          25      2.34%     82.57% |          27      2.53%     85.10% |          27      2.53%     87.63% |          25      2.34%     89.97% |          27      2.53%     92.50% |          27      2.53%     95.03% |          27      2.53%     97.56% |          26      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         1067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       98784      9.99%      9.99% |       42428      4.29%     14.28% |       79605      8.05%     22.33% |       98530      9.97%     32.30% |       24287      2.46%     34.76% |           0      0.00%     34.76% |           0      0.00%     34.76% |       61034      6.17%     40.93% |       42244      4.27%     45.20% |       16170      1.64%     46.84% |      120508     12.19%     59.03% |       24281      2.46%     61.48% |      130337     13.18%     74.67% |       79331      8.02%     82.69% |       60934      6.16%     88.85% |      110187     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       988660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       88150     10.15%     10.15% |       31962      3.68%     13.83% |       70003      8.06%     21.89% |       88058     10.14%     32.02% |       13976      1.61%     33.63% |         182      0.02%     33.65% |         182      0.02%     33.67% |       50651      5.83%     39.50% |       31977      3.68%     43.19% |       13977      1.61%     44.79% |      109251     12.58%     57.37% |       13920      1.60%     58.97% |      127983     14.73%     73.71% |       69944      8.05%     81.76% |       50586      5.82%     87.58% |      107867     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       868669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        2517      9.65%      9.65% |        2508      9.62%     19.27% |        1682      6.45%     25.72% |        1695      6.50%     32.22% |        1684      6.46%     38.67% |           0      0.00%     38.67% |           0      0.00%     38.67% |        1692      6.49%     45.16% |        2508      9.62%     54.78% |        1692      6.49%     61.27% |        1681      6.45%     67.71% |        1691      6.48%     74.19% |        1684      6.46%     80.65% |        1686      6.46%     87.12% |        1683      6.45%     93.57% |        1677      6.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        26080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       11782      8.62%      8.62% |       11615      8.49%     17.11% |       10749      7.86%     24.97% |       11620      8.50%     33.47% |       11458      8.38%     41.85% |         175      0.13%     41.97% |         175      0.13%     42.10% |       11530      8.43%     50.53% |       11415      8.35%     58.88% |        3331      2.44%     61.32% |       12406      9.07%     70.39% |       11510      8.42%     78.81% |        3494      2.56%     81.36% |       10534      7.70%     89.06% |       11495      8.41%     97.47% |        3460      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       136749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |          50      6.45%      6.45% |          49      6.32%     12.77% |          51      6.58%     19.35% |          76      9.81%     29.16% |          48      6.19%     35.35% |           0      0.00%     35.35% |           0      0.00%     35.35% |          49      6.32%     41.68% |          63      8.13%     49.81% |          49      6.32%     56.13% |          49      6.32%     62.45% |          72      9.29%     71.74% |          63      8.13%     79.87% |          48      6.19%     86.06% |          49      6.32%     92.39% |          59      7.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           1      0.26%      0.26% |           1      0.26%      0.52% |           2      0.52%      1.04% |           2      0.52%      1.55% |           2      0.52%      2.07% |         182     47.15%     49.22% |         182     47.15%     96.37% |           2      0.52%     96.89% |           2      0.52%     97.41% |           2      0.52%     97.93% |           0      0.00%     97.93% |           0      0.00%     97.93% |           2      0.52%     98.45% |           2      0.52%     98.96% |           2      0.52%     99.48% |           2      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           3     27.27%     36.36% |           3     27.27%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           2     18.18%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         522      3.48%      3.48% |         522      3.48%      6.97% |         522      3.48%     10.45% |         522      3.48%     13.94% |         522      3.48%     17.42% |        3836     25.61%     43.03% |        3836     25.61%     68.64% |         522      3.48%     72.12% |         522      3.48%     75.61% |         522      3.48%     79.09% |         522      3.48%     82.58% |         522      3.48%     86.06% |         522      3.48%     89.55% |         522      3.48%     93.03% |         522      3.48%     96.52% |         522      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        14980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5326837      8.10%      8.10% |     4083400      6.21%     14.30% |     4890852      7.43%     21.74% |     5317805      8.08%     29.82% |     3674057      5.58%     35.41% |           0      0.00%     35.41% |           0      0.00%     35.41% |     4494473      6.83%     42.24% |     4073962      6.19%     48.43% |     3504237      5.33%     53.76% |     5758695      8.75%     62.51% |     3676390      5.59%     68.10% |     6030157      9.17%     77.26% |     4887584      7.43%     84.69% |     4493738      6.83%     91.52% |     5576000      8.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     65788187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           4      0.53%      1.06% |           4      0.53%      1.59% |           4      0.53%      2.12% |           4      0.53%      2.65% |         350     46.36%     49.01% |         350     46.36%     95.36% |           4      0.53%     95.89% |           3      0.40%     96.29% |           4      0.53%     96.82% |           4      0.53%     97.35% |           4      0.53%     97.88% |           4      0.53%     98.41% |           4      0.53%     98.94% |           4      0.53%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           2      0.49%      0.49% |           1      0.24%      0.73% |           2      0.49%      1.22% |           4      0.98%      2.20% |           2      0.49%      2.69% |         189     46.21%     48.90% |         189     46.21%     95.11% |           2      0.49%     95.60% |           2      0.49%     96.09% |           2      0.49%     96.58% |           2      0.49%     97.07% |           2      0.49%     97.56% |           3      0.73%     98.29% |           2      0.49%     98.78% |           2      0.49%     99.27% |           3      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total          409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        2131     10.18%     10.18% |        2122     10.14%     20.32% |        1293      6.18%     26.49% |        1309      6.25%     32.75% |        1297      6.20%     38.94% |         150      0.72%     39.66% |         150      0.72%     40.37% |        1304      6.23%     46.60% |        2121     10.13%     56.74% |        1295      6.19%     62.92% |        1293      6.18%     69.10% |        1304      6.23%     75.33% |        1290      6.16%     81.49% |        1299      6.21%     87.69% |        1294      6.18%     93.88% |        1282      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        20934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      267249      6.78%      6.78% |      290564      7.37%     14.15% |      286513      7.27%     21.42% |      284237      7.21%     28.63% |      274513      6.96%     35.59% |           0      0.00%     35.59% |           0      0.00%     35.59% |      271896      6.90%     42.49% |      289151      7.34%     49.83% |      288632      7.32%     57.15% |      279429      7.09%     64.24% |      270352      6.86%     71.10% |      284382      7.21%     78.31% |      286662      7.27%     85.58% |      283088      7.18%     92.77% |      285183      7.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3941851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       76448     10.86%     10.86% |       20342      2.89%     13.75% |       58212      8.27%     22.03% |       76347     10.85%     32.87% |        2323      0.33%     33.20% |           0      0.00%     33.20% |           0      0.00%     33.20% |       38989      5.54%     38.74% |       20339      2.89%     41.64% |        2330      0.33%     41.97% |       96348     13.69%     55.66% |        2329      0.33%     55.99% |      116363     16.54%     72.52% |       58192      8.27%     80.79% |       38918      5.53%     86.32% |       96253     13.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       703733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       11439      7.11%      7.11% |       11355      7.06%     14.17% |       11530      7.17%     21.33% |       11449      7.12%     28.45% |       11391      7.08%     35.53% |           0      0.00%     35.53% |           0      0.00%     35.53% |       11397      7.08%     42.61% |       11379      7.07%     49.68% |       11383      7.07%     56.76% |       12638      7.85%     64.61% |       11333      7.04%     71.66% |       11358      7.06%     78.72% |       11491      7.14%     85.86% |       11406      7.09%     92.95% |       11348      7.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       160897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      730927      9.08%      9.08% |      425477      5.29%     14.37% |      612472      7.61%     21.98% |      711608      8.84%     30.82% |      347890      4.32%     35.15% |           0      0.00%     35.15% |           0      0.00%     35.15% |      537280      6.68%     41.82% |      424618      5.28%     47.10% |      299762      3.73%     50.83% |      815132     10.13%     60.95% |      352561      4.38%     65.34% |      878138     10.91%     76.25% |      611697      7.60%     83.85% |      525975      6.54%     90.39% |      773720      9.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      8047257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      445791      8.20%      8.20% |      332654      6.12%     14.32% |      405313      7.46%     21.77% |      444662      8.18%     29.95% |      294840      5.42%     35.38% |        3675      0.07%     35.44% |        3675      0.07%     35.51% |      369943      6.80%     42.32% |      331490      6.10%     48.41% |      277358      5.10%     53.51% |      484000      8.90%     62.42% |      295094      5.43%     67.84% |      507513      9.33%     77.18% |      405014      7.45%     84.63% |      369968      6.80%     91.43% |      465728      8.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5436718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       87345     10.55%     10.55% |       31073      3.75%     14.31% |       68075      8.22%     22.53% |       87081     10.52%     33.05% |       12896      1.56%     34.61% |           0      0.00%     34.61% |           0      0.00%     34.61% |       49637      6.00%     40.60% |       30865      3.73%     44.33% |        4787      0.58%     44.91% |      107870     13.03%     57.94% |       12948      1.56%     59.51% |      118979     14.37%     73.88% |       67840      8.20%     82.08% |       49528      5.98%     88.06% |       98839     11.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       827763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          52      2.92%      2.92% |          52      2.92%      5.85% |          52      2.92%      8.77% |          52      2.92%     11.70% |          52      2.92%     14.62% |         525     29.53%     44.15% |         525     29.53%     73.68% |          52      2.92%     76.60% |          52      2.92%     79.53% |          52      2.92%     82.45% |          52      2.92%     85.38% |          52      2.92%     88.30% |          52      2.92%     91.23% |          52      2.92%     94.15% |          52      2.92%     97.08% |          52      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       88073     10.16%     10.16% |       31885      3.68%     13.83% |       69927      8.06%     21.90% |       87982     10.15%     32.04% |       13900      1.60%     33.64% |           0      0.00%     33.64% |           0      0.00%     33.64% |       50575      5.83%     39.48% |       31901      3.68%     43.15% |       13901      1.60%     44.76% |      109173     12.59%     57.35% |       13842      1.60%     58.94% |      127907     14.75%     73.69% |       69868      8.06%     81.75% |       50510      5.82%     87.57% |      107791     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       867235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          75      4.22%      4.22% |          75      4.22%      8.44% |          75      4.22%     12.65% |          75      4.22%     16.87% |          75      4.22%     21.09% |         364     20.47%     41.56% |         364     20.47%     62.04% |          75      4.22%     66.25% |          75      4.22%     70.47% |          75      4.22%     74.69% |          75      4.22%     78.91% |          75      4.22%     83.13% |          75      4.22%     87.35% |          75      4.22%     91.56% |          75      4.22%     95.78% |          75      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        2520      9.65%      9.65% |        2511      9.61%     19.26% |        1685      6.45%     25.71% |        1698      6.50%     32.21% |        1687      6.46%     38.67% |           0      0.00%     38.67% |           0      0.00%     38.67% |        1695      6.49%     45.16% |        2511      9.61%     54.77% |        1695      6.49%     61.26% |        1684      6.45%     67.70% |        1694      6.48%     74.19% |        1688      6.46%     80.65% |        1689      6.47%     87.11% |        1686      6.45%     93.57% |        1680      6.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        26123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          23      7.37%      7.37% |          22      7.05%     14.42% |          22      7.05%     21.47% |          22      7.05%     28.53% |          22      7.05%     35.58% |           0      0.00%     35.58% |           0      0.00%     35.58% |          21      6.73%     42.31% |          22      7.05%     49.36% |          23      7.37%     56.73% |          23      7.37%     64.10% |          21      6.73%     70.83% |          23      7.37%     78.21% |          23      7.37%     85.58% |          23      7.37%     92.95% |          22      7.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       11759      8.62%      8.62% |       11593      8.50%     17.12% |       10727      7.86%     24.98% |       11598      8.50%     33.48% |       11436      8.38%     41.86% |         175      0.13%     41.99% |         175      0.13%     42.12% |       11509      8.44%     50.55% |       11393      8.35%     58.90% |        3308      2.42%     61.33% |       12383      9.08%     70.40% |       11489      8.42%     78.82% |        3471      2.54%     81.37% |       10511      7.70%     89.07% |       11472      8.41%     97.48% |        3438      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       136437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2     18.18%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           2     18.18%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           4      0.53%      1.06% |           4      0.53%      1.59% |           4      0.53%      2.12% |           4      0.53%      2.65% |         350     46.36%     49.01% |         350     46.36%     95.36% |           4      0.53%     95.89% |           3      0.40%     96.29% |           4      0.53%     96.82% |           4      0.53%     97.35% |           4      0.53%     97.88% |           4      0.53%     98.41% |           4      0.53%     98.94% |           4      0.53%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          27      2.53%      2.53% |          26      2.44%      4.97% |          26      2.44%      7.40% |          26      2.44%      9.84% |          26      2.44%     12.28% |         350     32.80%     45.08% |         350     32.80%     77.88% |          25      2.34%     80.22% |          25      2.34%     82.57% |          27      2.53%     85.10% |          27      2.53%     87.63% |          25      2.34%     89.97% |          27      2.53%     92.50% |          27      2.53%     95.03% |          27      2.53%     97.56% |          26      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         1067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       98784      9.99%      9.99% |       42428      4.29%     14.28% |       79605      8.05%     22.33% |       98530      9.97%     32.30% |       24287      2.46%     34.76% |           0      0.00%     34.76% |           0      0.00%     34.76% |       61034      6.17%     40.93% |       42244      4.27%     45.20% |       16170      1.64%     46.84% |      120508     12.19%     59.03% |       24281      2.46%     61.48% |      130337     13.18%     74.67% |       79331      8.02%     82.69% |       60934      6.16%     88.85% |      110187     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       988660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        1577      6.05%      6.05% |        1488      5.71%     11.75% |        1714      6.57%     18.32% |        1327      5.09%     23.41% |        1727      6.62%     30.03% |        1395      5.35%     35.38% |        1499      5.75%     41.13% |        1405      5.39%     46.52% |        1526      5.85%     52.37% |        1235      4.74%     57.10% |        1431      5.49%     62.59% |        1416      5.43%     68.02% |        1372      5.26%     73.28% |        1450      5.56%     78.84% |        4071     15.61%     94.45% |        1448      5.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total        26081                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       54159      6.23%      6.23% |       53926      6.21%     12.44% |       53706      6.18%     18.62% |       54401      6.26%     24.88% |       53767      6.19%     31.06% |       53841      6.20%     37.26% |       54053      6.22%     43.48% |       54268      6.24%     49.72% |       54436      6.26%     55.99% |       54007      6.21%     62.20% |       55629      6.40%     68.60% |       54761      6.30%     74.90% |       54900      6.32%     81.22% |       54952      6.32%     87.54% |       54530      6.27%     93.82% |       53719      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       869055                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |        8473      6.20%      6.20% |        8637      6.32%     12.51% |        8609      6.30%     18.81% |        8495      6.21%     25.02% |        8602      6.29%     31.31% |        8493      6.21%     37.52% |        8458      6.19%     43.71% |        8619      6.30%     50.01% |        8470      6.19%     56.20% |        8506      6.22%     62.42% |        9113      6.66%     69.09% |        8418      6.16%     75.24% |        8417      6.16%     81.40% |        8372      6.12%     87.52% |        8492      6.21%     93.73% |        8575      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       136749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |          28      3.71%      3.71% |          28      3.71%      7.42% |          56      7.42%     14.83% |          28      3.71%     18.54% |          28      3.71%     22.25% |          56      7.42%     29.67% |          56      7.42%     37.09% |          56      7.42%     44.50% |          56      7.42%     51.92% |          56      7.42%     59.34% |          69      9.14%     68.48% |          56      7.42%     75.89% |          56      7.42%     83.31% |          56      7.42%     90.73% |          42      5.56%     96.29% |          28      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       61624      6.23%      6.23% |       61555      6.23%     12.46% |       61268      6.20%     18.66% |       61832      6.25%     24.91% |       61306      6.20%     31.11% |       61217      6.19%     37.30% |       61391      6.21%     43.51% |       61770      6.25%     49.76% |       61786      6.25%     56.01% |       61382      6.21%     62.22% |       63638      6.44%     68.66% |       62059      6.28%     74.93% |       62253      6.30%     81.23% |       62262      6.30%     87.53% |       62028      6.27%     93.80% |       61289      6.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       988660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           3      5.36%      5.36% |           6     10.71%     16.07% |           1      1.79%     17.86% |           2      3.57%     21.43% |           3      5.36%     26.79% |           2      3.57%     30.36% |           1      1.79%     32.14% |           6     10.71%     42.86% |           6     10.71%     53.57% |           7     12.50%     66.07% |           3      5.36%     71.43% |           2      3.57%     75.00% |           6     10.71%     85.71% |           5      8.93%     94.64% |           2      3.57%     98.21% |           1      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |          10      3.32%      3.32% |          22      7.31%     10.63% |          20      6.64%     17.28% |          20      6.64%     23.92% |          11      3.65%     27.57% |          13      4.32%     31.89% |          16      5.32%     37.21% |          20      6.64%     43.85% |          26      8.64%     52.49% |          23      7.64%     60.13% |          19      6.31%     66.45% |          21      6.98%     73.42% |          28      9.30%     82.72% |          17      5.65%     88.37% |          19      6.31%     94.68% |          16      5.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total          301                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       17248      6.28%      6.28% |       17089      6.22%     12.50% |       17017      6.19%     18.69% |       17137      6.24%     24.93% |       16982      6.18%     31.11% |       17121      6.23%     37.34% |       17183      6.25%     43.59% |       17204      6.26%     49.85% |       17320      6.30%     56.15% |       16918      6.16%     62.31% |       17142      6.24%     68.55% |       17140      6.24%     74.79% |       17299      6.30%     81.08% |       17365      6.32%     87.40% |       17379      6.32%     93.72% |       17243      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       274787                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |          13      3.64%      3.64% |          28      7.84%     11.48% |          21      5.88%     17.37% |          22      6.16%     23.53% |          14      3.92%     27.45% |          15      4.20%     31.65% |          17      4.76%     36.41% |          26      7.28%     43.70% |          32      8.96%     52.66% |          30      8.40%     61.06% |          22      6.16%     67.23% |          23      6.44%     73.67% |          34      9.52%     83.19% |          22      6.16%     89.36% |          21      5.88%     95.24% |          17      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total          357                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          70      3.93%      3.93% |          70      3.93%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.38% |          98      5.51%     18.89% |          98      5.51%     24.40% |         140      7.87%     32.27% |         140      7.87%     40.13% |         140      7.87%     48.00% |         140      7.87%     55.87% |         140      7.87%     63.74% |         140      7.87%     71.61% |         140      7.87%     79.48% |         112      6.30%     85.78% |         112      6.30%     92.07% |          71      3.99%     96.07% |          70      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |           5      4.72%      4.72% |           8      7.55%     12.26% |           7      6.60%     18.87% |           8      7.55%     26.42% |           2      1.89%     28.30% |           6      5.66%     33.96% |           7      6.60%     40.57% |           7      6.60%     47.17% |           8      7.55%     54.72% |           7      6.60%     61.32% |           3      2.83%     64.15% |           7      6.60%     70.75% |          12     11.32%     82.08% |           6      5.66%     87.74% |           7      6.60%     94.34% |           6      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       62590      6.23%      6.23% |       62521      6.22%     12.45% |       62259      6.20%     18.65% |       62826      6.25%     24.90% |       62299      6.20%     31.10% |       62250      6.20%     37.30% |       62427      6.21%     43.51% |       62803      6.25%     49.76% |       62808      6.25%     56.01% |       62415      6.21%     62.22% |       64671      6.44%     68.66% |       63095      6.28%     74.94% |       63261      6.30%     81.24% |       63268      6.30%     87.53% |       62994      6.27%     93.80% |       62252      6.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1004739                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |        1302      6.30%      6.30% |        1330      6.44%     12.74% |        1456      7.05%     19.79% |        1246      6.03%     25.82% |        1316      6.37%     32.19% |        1288      6.24%     38.43% |        1261      6.10%     44.53% |        1260      6.10%     50.63% |        1331      6.44%     57.08% |        1134      5.49%     62.57% |        1232      5.96%     68.53% |        1233      5.97%     74.50% |        1207      5.84%     80.34% |        1274      6.17%     86.51% |        1470      7.12%     93.63% |        1316      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        20656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        8470      6.32%      6.32% |        8218      6.13%     12.45% |        7980      5.95%     18.40% |        8358      6.23%     24.64% |        8120      6.06%     30.69% |        8316      6.20%     36.90% |        8386      6.26%     43.15% |        8414      6.28%     49.43% |        8513      6.35%     55.78% |        8316      6.20%     61.98% |        8414      6.28%     68.26% |        8456      6.31%     74.57% |        8638      6.44%     81.01% |        8582      6.40%     87.42% |        8428      6.29%     93.70% |        8442      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       134051                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        7476      6.23%      6.23% |        7541      6.28%     12.51% |        7581      6.31%     18.82% |        7533      6.27%     25.09% |        7546      6.28%     31.38% |        7517      6.26%     37.64% |        7536      6.28%     43.91% |        7530      6.27%     50.18% |        7476      6.23%     56.41% |        7468      6.22%     62.63% |        7496      6.24%     68.87% |        7451      6.21%     75.08% |        7454      6.21%     81.28% |        7509      6.25%     87.54% |        7481      6.23%     93.77% |        7485      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       120080                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |         261      4.86%      4.86% |         158      2.94%      7.80% |         258      4.81%     12.61% |          81      1.51%     14.12% |         411      7.66%     21.77% |         107      1.99%     23.77% |         238      4.43%     28.20% |         145      2.70%     30.90% |         181      3.37%     34.27% |          87      1.62%     35.89% |         199      3.71%     39.60% |         183      3.41%     43.01% |         165      3.07%     46.08% |         176      3.28%     49.36% |        2587     48.18%     97.54% |         132      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total         5369                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          14     33.33%     66.67% |          14     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          14      4.33%      4.33% |          14      4.33%      8.67% |          14      4.33%     13.00% |          28      8.67%     21.67% |          28      8.67%     30.34% |          28      8.67%     39.01% |          28      8.67%     47.68% |          28      8.67%     56.35% |          28      8.67%     65.02% |          28      8.67%     73.68% |          15      4.64%     78.33% |          28      8.67%     87.00% |          14      4.33%     91.33% |          14      4.33%     95.67% |           0      0.00%     95.67% |          14      4.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          323                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |          28      3.71%      3.71% |          28      3.71%      7.42% |          56      7.42%     14.83% |          28      3.71%     18.54% |          28      3.71%     22.25% |          56      7.42%     29.67% |          56      7.42%     37.09% |          56      7.42%     44.50% |          56      7.42%     51.92% |          56      7.42%     59.34% |          69      9.14%     68.48% |          56      7.42%     75.89% |          56      7.42%     83.31% |          56      7.42%     90.73% |          42      5.56%     96.29% |          28      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |           5      4.72%      4.72% |           8      7.55%     12.26% |           7      6.60%     18.87% |           8      7.55%     26.42% |           2      1.89%     28.30% |           6      5.66%     33.96% |           7      6.60%     40.57% |           7      6.60%     47.17% |           8      7.55%     54.72% |           7      6.60%     61.32% |           3      2.83%     64.15% |           7      6.60%     70.75% |          12     11.32%     82.08% |           6      5.66%     87.74% |           7      6.60%     94.34% |           6      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total          106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |          14     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |          14     25.00%     50.00% |          14     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |          14     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       45619      6.22%      6.22% |       45638      6.22%     12.45% |       45614      6.22%     18.67% |       45945      6.27%     24.93% |       45549      6.21%     31.15% |       45385      6.19%     37.34% |       45527      6.21%     43.55% |       45714      6.23%     49.78% |       45769      6.24%     56.02% |       45537      6.21%     62.23% |       47075      6.42%     68.66% |       46165      6.30%     74.95% |       46150      6.29%     81.25% |       46258      6.31%     87.56% |       46032      6.28%     93.83% |       45207      6.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       733184                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |         983      6.01%      6.01% |        1082      6.62%     12.63% |        1014      6.20%     18.84% |         934      5.71%     24.55% |        1028      6.29%     30.84% |         948      5.80%     36.64% |         894      5.47%     42.11% |        1061      6.49%     48.60% |         966      5.91%     54.51% |        1010      6.18%     60.69% |        1602      9.80%     70.49% |         939      5.74%     76.23% |         949      5.81%     82.04% |         849      5.19%     87.23% |        1011      6.18%     93.42% |        1076      6.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        16346                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           3      5.36%      5.36% |           6     10.71%     16.07% |           1      1.79%     17.86% |           2      3.57%     21.43% |           3      5.36%     26.79% |           2      3.57%     30.36% |           1      1.79%     32.14% |           6     10.71%     42.86% |           6     10.71%     53.57% |           7     12.50%     66.07% |           3      5.36%     71.43% |           2      3.57%     75.00% |           6     10.71%     85.71% |           5      8.93%     94.64% |           2      3.57%     98.21% |           1      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |           5      2.58%      2.58% |          14      7.22%      9.79% |          13      6.70%     16.49% |          12      6.19%     22.68% |           9      4.64%     27.32% |           7      3.61%     30.93% |           9      4.64%     35.57% |          13      6.70%     42.27% |          18      9.28%     51.55% |          16      8.25%     59.79% |          16      8.25%     68.04% |          14      7.22%     75.26% |          16      8.25%     83.51% |          11      5.67%     89.18% |          11      5.67%     94.85% |          10      5.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total          194                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       61624      6.23%      6.23% |       61555      6.23%     12.46% |       61268      6.20%     18.66% |       61832      6.25%     24.91% |       61306      6.20%     31.11% |       61217      6.19%     37.30% |       61391      6.21%     43.51% |       61770      6.25%     49.76% |       61786      6.25%     56.01% |       61382      6.21%     62.22% |       63638      6.44%     68.66% |       62059      6.28%     74.93% |       62253      6.30%     81.23% |       62262      6.30%     87.53% |       62028      6.27%     93.80% |       61289      6.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       988660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |          13      3.64%      3.64% |          28      7.84%     11.48% |          21      5.88%     17.37% |          22      6.16%     23.53% |          14      3.92%     27.45% |          15      4.20%     31.65% |          17      4.76%     36.41% |          26      7.28%     43.70% |          32      8.96%     52.66% |          30      8.40%     61.06% |          22      6.16%     67.23% |          23      6.44%     73.67% |          34      9.52%     83.19% |          22      6.16%     89.36% |          21      5.88%     95.24% |          17      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total          357                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |           5      4.72%      4.72% |           8      7.55%     12.26% |           7      6.60%     18.87% |           8      7.55%     26.42% |           2      1.89%     28.30% |           6      5.66%     33.96% |           7      6.60%     40.57% |           7      6.60%     47.17% |           8      7.55%     54.72% |           7      6.60%     61.32% |           3      2.83%     64.15% |           7      6.60%     70.75% |          12     11.32%     82.08% |           6      5.66%     87.74% |           7      6.60%     94.34% |           6      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total          106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        8470      6.32%      6.32% |        8218      6.13%     12.45% |        7980      5.95%     18.40% |        8358      6.23%     24.64% |        8120      6.06%     30.69% |        8316      6.20%     36.90% |        8386      6.26%     43.15% |        8414      6.28%     49.43% |        8513      6.35%     55.78% |        8316      6.20%     61.98% |        8414      6.28%     68.26% |        8456      6.31%     74.57% |        8638      6.44%     81.01% |        8582      6.40%     87.42% |        8428      6.29%     93.70% |        8442      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       134051                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1302      6.30%      6.30% |        1330      6.44%     12.74% |        1456      7.05%     19.79% |        1246      6.03%     25.82% |        1316      6.37%     32.19% |        1288      6.24%     38.43% |        1261      6.10%     44.53% |        1260      6.10%     50.63% |        1331      6.44%     57.08% |        1134      5.49%     62.57% |        1232      5.96%     68.53% |        1233      5.97%     74.50% |        1207      5.84%     80.34% |        1274      6.17%     86.51% |        1470      7.12%     93.63% |        1316      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        20656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        7476      6.23%      6.23% |        7541      6.28%     12.51% |        7581      6.31%     18.82% |        7533      6.27%     25.09% |        7546      6.28%     31.38% |        7517      6.26%     37.64% |        7536      6.28%     43.91% |        7530      6.27%     50.18% |        7476      6.23%     56.41% |        7468      6.22%     62.63% |        7496      6.24%     68.87% |        7451      6.21%     75.08% |        7454      6.21%     81.28% |        7509      6.25%     87.54% |        7481      6.23%     93.77% |        7485      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       120080                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |          42      3.90%      3.90% |          42      3.90%      7.79% |          70      6.49%     14.29% |          56      5.19%     19.48% |          56      5.19%     24.68% |          84      7.79%     32.47% |          84      7.79%     40.26% |          84      7.79%     48.05% |          84      7.79%     55.84% |          84      7.79%     63.64% |          84      7.79%     71.43% |          84      7.79%     79.22% |          70      6.49%     85.71% |          70      6.49%     92.21% |          42      3.90%     96.10% |          42      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       62548      6.23%      6.23% |       62479      6.23%     12.46% |       62189      6.20%     18.65% |       62770      6.25%     24.91% |       62243      6.20%     31.11% |       62166      6.19%     37.30% |       62343      6.21%     43.51% |       62719      6.25%     49.76% |       62724      6.25%     56.01% |       62331      6.21%     62.22% |       64587      6.44%     68.66% |       63011      6.28%     74.94% |       63191      6.30%     81.23% |       63198      6.30%     87.53% |       62952      6.27%     93.80% |       62210      6.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1003661                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |          69      3.94%      3.94% |          69      3.94%      7.89% |          96      5.49%     13.37% |          95      5.43%     18.80% |          96      5.49%     24.29% |         138      7.89%     32.17% |         135      7.71%     39.89% |         137      7.83%     47.71% |         138      7.89%     55.60% |         139      7.94%     63.54% |         139      7.94%     71.49% |         140      8.00%     79.49% |         112      6.40%     85.89% |         111      6.34%     92.23% |          70      4.00%     96.23% |          66      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         1750                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1      3.57%      3.57% |           1      3.57%      7.14% |           2      7.14%     14.29% |           3     10.71%     25.00% |           2      7.14%     32.14% |           2      7.14%     39.29% |           5     17.86%     57.14% |           3     10.71%     67.86% |           2      7.14%     75.00% |           1      3.57%     78.57% |           1      3.57%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           1      3.57%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           4     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           1      3.57%      3.57% |           1      3.57%      7.14% |           2      7.14%     14.29% |           3     10.71%     25.00% |           2      7.14%     32.14% |           2      7.14%     39.29% |           5     17.86%     57.14% |           3     10.71%     67.86% |           2      7.14%     75.00% |           1      3.57%     78.57% |           1      3.57%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           1      3.57%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           4     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          69      3.94%      3.94% |          69      3.94%      7.89% |          96      5.49%     13.37% |          95      5.43%     18.80% |          96      5.49%     24.29% |         138      7.89%     32.17% |         135      7.71%     39.89% |         137      7.83%     47.71% |         138      7.89%     55.60% |         139      7.94%     63.54% |         139      7.94%     71.49% |         140      8.00%     79.49% |         112      6.40%     85.89% |         111      6.34%     92.23% |          70      4.00%     96.23% |          66      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         1750                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
