
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.014529                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14528615000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                14528615000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37699                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    64968                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               10982751                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2276156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1322.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    49870276                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      85943155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2459136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2459136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           1152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        38424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              38424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    169261557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            169261557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        79292                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               79292                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    169340849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           169340849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      38424                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    38424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2459072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2459136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                1152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             2517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             2467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  14527264000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                38424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                  18                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  27613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   7423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        21676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   113.431999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.502543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   131.172422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17844     82.32%     82.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1507      6.95%     89.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          363      1.67%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          311      1.43%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1584      7.31%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      0.26%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        21676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1234342500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1954773750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 192115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    32125.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               50875.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      169.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   169.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   16745                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                43.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    377900.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   43.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                77583240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                41228880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              135181620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        1043658720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           465300120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            29349600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4581454800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy      588523680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy       486538650                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7448918790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           512.706737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         13430340250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29453000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    441954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1851905500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1532599500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    625642500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10047060500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                77197680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                41031540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              139158600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        1033209840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           466796940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            29098560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4467327690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy      628853760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy       521291385                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7404054495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           509.618742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         13425920250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29561750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    437528000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1994556750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1637603500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    632243500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9797121500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2422976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2422976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1          960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total            960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        37859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              37859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    166772676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            166772676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        66076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               66076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    166838752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           166838752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      37859                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    37859                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2422976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2422976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                 960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             2455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  14527808000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                37859                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                  15                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  27634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   7076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        21260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   113.953716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.702022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   131.870135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17472     82.18%     82.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1487      6.99%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          359      1.69%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          279      1.31%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1592      7.49%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      0.29%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        21260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1129771500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1839627750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 189295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    29841.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               48591.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      166.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   166.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      1.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   16597                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                43.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    383582.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   43.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                75862500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                40314285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              132911100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        1039356240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           459973470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            29450400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4567782780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy      582756000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy       500050545                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7428552780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           511.304951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         13442636000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29649500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    440140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1908330750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1517579500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    615786250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10017129000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                75948180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                40367415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              137402160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        1032595200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           462883890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            28938720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4471163220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy      626407200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy       523078005                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7399107360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           509.278232                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         13432319250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29718000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    437274000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2000989000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1631122750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    624588250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9804923000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2432768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2432768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2         1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        38012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              38012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    167446656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            167446656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        83697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               83697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    167530353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           167530353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      38012                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    38012                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2432768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2432768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                1216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             2488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             2411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             2360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             2415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             2319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             2020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            2357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            2630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            2716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            2852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  14527435000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                38012                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                  19                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  27656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   7157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        21272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   114.358781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.016707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   131.896942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17385     81.73%     81.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1565      7.36%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          361      1.70%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          310      1.46%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1590      7.47%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      0.24%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        21272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1161519250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1874244250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 190060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    30556.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               49306.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      167.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   167.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.55                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   16739                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                44.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    381989.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   44.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                75584040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                40170075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              133332360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        1027063440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy           457662690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy            29381280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4475512320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy      599291040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy       540091185                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy            7378203720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           507.839441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime         13448037000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30248000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    434952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2072831250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1560686500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    615066750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9814830500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                76305180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                40557165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              138073320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        1031365920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy           466380840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy            29903520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4485955860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy      585216000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy       542313060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy            7396071345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           509.069264                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime         13422602000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32134000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    436814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2066351000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1524026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    631387250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9837902750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2440640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2440640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3         1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        38135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              38135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    167988483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            167988483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        83697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               83697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    168072180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           168072180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      38135                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                        19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    38135                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2440640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2440640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                1216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             2444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             2270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             2428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             2345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             2024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             2432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             2295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             2012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            2389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            2764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            2738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  14526106500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                38135                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                  19                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  27647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   7291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        21533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   113.344169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.498361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.736357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17722     82.30%     82.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1513      7.03%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          349      1.62%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          295      1.37%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1585      7.36%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      0.29%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        21533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1174349250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1889380500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 190675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    30794.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               49544.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      167.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   167.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.50                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      1.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   16602                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                43.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    380723.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   43.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                76769280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                40803840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              133982100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        1023375600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy           460052700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy            27320640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4558577850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy      566586240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy       505768980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy            7393237230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           508.874193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime         13447480250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24368750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    433248000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1976209250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1475444500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    622234000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9997110500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                76976340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                40913895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              138301800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        1024604880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy           464148720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy            28251360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4482842520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy      597110400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy       531052110                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy            7384321455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           508.260523                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime         13432071000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27572750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    433840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2051137250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1554914750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    630094500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9831055750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2440512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           2440512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        38133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              38133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4           24                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                24                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4    167979673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total            167979673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4       105722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total              105722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4    168085396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total           168085396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      38133                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        24                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    38133                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               2440512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                2440512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             2492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             2468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             2270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             2425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             2333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             2476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             2292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             1826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             2031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            2221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            2385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            2611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  14525275500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                38133                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                  24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  27777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                   7220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                   1930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                    664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                    243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                    102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                     25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        21439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   113.823219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.773497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.925821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17588     82.04%     82.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1524      7.11%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383          364      1.70%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511          319      1.49%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1590      7.42%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767           49      0.23%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        21439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1193582750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             1908576500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 190665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    31300.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               50050.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                      167.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                   167.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.55                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                      2.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   16692                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                43.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                    380671.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   43.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                76576500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                40697580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              133903560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        1041200160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy           462622260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy            29626560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4589348730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy      596186400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy       473831685                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy            7444039185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           512.370875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime         13435805000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29160750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF    440854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1819908000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1552453500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    621651000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10064587750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                76512240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                40663425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              138366060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        1038741600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy           467275170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy            30359040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4522120080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy      594296160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy       515802690                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy            7424254095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           511.009074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime         13422613750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     33107250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF    439910000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1959993250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1547701500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    631247000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9916656000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2454080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           2454080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5         1664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           1664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        38345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              38345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5           26                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                26                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5    168913554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total            168913554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5       114533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total              114533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5    169028087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total           169028087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      38345                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        26                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    38345                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      26                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               2454080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                2454080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                1664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             2493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             2475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             2292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             2437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             2354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             2025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             2465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             2318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             2034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            2233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            2416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            2612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            2785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            2866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  14525944000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                38345                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                  26                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  27813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                   7228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                   2021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                    728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                    278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                    107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                     56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                     26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        21587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   113.671376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.598040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   131.338626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17775     82.34%     82.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1473      6.82%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383          386      1.79%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511          287      1.33%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1594      7.38%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767           61      0.28%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        21587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1140863000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             1859831750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 191725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    29752.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               48502.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                      168.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                   168.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.48                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                      2.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   16756                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                43.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                    378565.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   43.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                76969200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                40906305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              134653260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        1039356240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy           463481820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy            29488320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4554950370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy      619355520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy       476507940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy            7435668975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           511.794756                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime         13434486000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29188250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF    440062000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1833584000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1612837250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    623820500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9989123000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                77176260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                41016360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              139130040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        1034439120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy           468131310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy            29345280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4499975010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy      622446240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy       504001755                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy            7415939565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           510.436787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime         13424721250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30486250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF    438030000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1935650250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1621089500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    635221000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9868138000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2458688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           2458688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        38417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              38417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6           28                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                28                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6    169230722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total            169230722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6       123343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total              123343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6    169354064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total           169354064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      38417                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        28                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    38417                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      28                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               2458688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                2458688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             2499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             2483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             2287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             2441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             2386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             2041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             2448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            2226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            2415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            2650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            2785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            2724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            2883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  14525702000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                38417                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                  28                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  27880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                   7144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                   2014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                    717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                    301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                    143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                     65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                     28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        21781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   112.876360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.173706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.691791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18029     82.77%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1424      6.54%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383          384      1.76%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511          300      1.38%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1582      7.26%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767           49      0.22%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        21781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1150816250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             1871135000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 192085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    29955.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               48705.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                      169.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                   169.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                      2.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   16634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                43.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                    377830.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   43.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                77875980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                41388270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              134931720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        1049190480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy           466572360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy            30732960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4535248890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy      641367360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy       477952770                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy            7455319800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           513.147317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime         13424821250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32864750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF    444306000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1809324250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1670233750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    626010750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9945875500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                77654640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                41270625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              139365660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        1035668400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy           469621860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy            30341760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4428918810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy      661164000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy       520676400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy            7404685995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           509.662208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime         13419020750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     33010250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF    438604000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1985397750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1721494250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    637942750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9712166000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2451072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           2451072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        38298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              38298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7    168706515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total            168706515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7        74887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               74887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7    168781401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total           168781401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      38298                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    38298                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               2451072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                2451072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             2501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             2483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             2284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             2425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             2362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             2022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             2453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             2327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             2033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            2242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            2382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            2631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            2772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            2849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  14527358500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                38298                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                  17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  27803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                   7235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                   1980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                    687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                    248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                    122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                     72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                     41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        21627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   113.319092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.507559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.671828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17791     82.26%     82.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1512      6.99%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383          383      1.77%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511          310      1.43%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1566      7.24%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767           58      0.27%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        21627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1251669500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             1969757000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 191490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    32682.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               51432.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                      168.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                   168.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                      2.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   16668                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                43.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                    379155.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   43.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                77269080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                41058105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              134638980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        1040585520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy           465061860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy            29146080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4594229640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy      566335200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy       493441620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy            7441972935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           512.228656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime         13431518750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF    440636000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1882477250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1474793000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    626225000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10075195750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                77169120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                41016360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              138808740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        1030136640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy           466374000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy            29109600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4477104330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy      601816800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy       533928645                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy            7395687705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           509.042858                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime         13428696250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29923500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF    436246000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2044113500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1567085500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    632786250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9818460250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                       22582084                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                   3158623                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                     5510793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses             5438908                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts       445180                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                    5438908                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads          10869500                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes          4666543                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads            3088948                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes           2420019                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                     1205953                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                    865057                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                   340896                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             5032217.142493                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             17549866.857507                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.777159                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.222841                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                          513673                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                 4180849     75.87%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                  12804      0.23%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.67%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.94%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                 850030     15.42%     93.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                339067      6.15%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.27%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                  5510793                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu01.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                       20431123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   3040596                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                     5308226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses             5236341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts       428272                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                    5236341                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads          10481373                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes          4497792                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            2995956                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           2335475                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     1138535                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                    814551                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                   323984                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             6065308.123207                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             14365814.876793                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.703134                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.296866                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                          496769                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                 4045700     76.22%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                  12804      0.24%     76.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.70%     77.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.98%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                 799524     15.06%     93.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                322155      6.07%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.28%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                  5308226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu02.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                       20504250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                   2845165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                     5013261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses             4941376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts       408370                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                    4941376                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads           9892617                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes          4242635                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            2886490                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           2235933                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     1021537                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                    717470                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                   304067                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             6035414.944712                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             14468835.055288                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.705651                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.294349                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                          476872                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                 3867739     77.15%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.26%     77.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.74%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.03%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                 702443     14.01%     93.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                302238      6.03%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.30%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                  5013261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu03.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                103                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                       22521908                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                   3358852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                     5814369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses             5742440                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                72480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                     34438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts       465820                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                    5742440                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                       72480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          11474585                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes          4928750                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads             122615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes             62397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            3202729                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           2522939                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     1325486                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                    963984                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                   361502                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             5065449.145335                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             17456458.854665                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.775088                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.224912                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                          534404                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass               22447      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                 4364834     75.07%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  12811      0.22%     75.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   36971      0.64%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                 51820      0.89%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                 948953     16.32%     93.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                359673      6.19%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead             15031      0.26%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                  5814369                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu04.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                103                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                       22582438                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   3371250                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                     5833992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses             5762063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                72480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                     34438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       467265                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                    5762063                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                       72480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          11513267                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes          4945483                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads             122615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes             62397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            3210654                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           2530209                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     1332848                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                    969856                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                   362992                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             5032020.909701                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             17550417.090299                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.777171                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.222829                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                          535804                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               22447      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                 4377095     75.03%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  12811      0.22%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   36971      0.63%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                 51820      0.89%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                 954825     16.37%     93.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                361163      6.19%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead             15031      0.26%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                  5833992                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu05.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                       22522407                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   2963287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     5215788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             5143903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       425251                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    5143903                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          10280655                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          4411400                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            2979358                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           2320293                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     1088971                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                    768068                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   320903                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             5065174.599020                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             17457232.400980                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.775105                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.224895                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          493798                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 4002832     76.74%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.25%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.71%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.99%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 753041     14.44%     93.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                319074      6.12%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.29%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  5215788                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu06.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                109                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                       24676463                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   3683064                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     6329802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             6257830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                72526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                     34476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       504033                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    6257830                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                       72526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          12486136                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          5367662                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads             122697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes             62439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            3413162                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           2713732                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     1515967                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   1116279                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   399688                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             3720307.642161                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             20956155.357839                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.849237                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.150763                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                          572707                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass               22454      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 4689730     74.09%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  12817      0.20%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   36978      0.58%     75.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                 51856      0.82%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                1101244     17.40%     93.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                397859      6.29%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead             15035      0.24%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                  6329802                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu07.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                       11749003                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   2610505                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     4611137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             4539252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       374876                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    4539252                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads           9121221                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          3907495                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            2702381                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           2068255                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                      887139                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                    616778                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   270361                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             6998410.067208                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             4750592.932792                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.404340                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.595660                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                          443594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 3600013     78.07%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.28%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.80%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.12%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 601751     13.05%     93.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                268532      5.82%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.33%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                  4611137                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu08.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                121                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                       28843642                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   4339795                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     7373807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             7301749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                72618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                     34552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       581426                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    7301749                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                       72618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads          14534971                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          6256693                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads             122861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes             62523                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            3839364                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           3100118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     1901776                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   1424785                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   476991                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             212018.002568                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             28631623.997432                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.992649                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.007351                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                          650314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass               22468      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 5347814     72.52%     72.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  12829      0.17%     73.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   36992      0.50%     73.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                 51928      0.70%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                1409742     19.12%     93.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                475162      6.44%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead             15043      0.20%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                  7373807                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu09.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                121                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                       26876679                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   4239633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     7200113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             7128055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                72618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                     34552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       566719                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    7128055                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                       72618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          14203169                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes          6112411                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads             122861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes             62523                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            3758485                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           3026568                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     1844781                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   1382514                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   462267                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             2016915.215932                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             24859763.784068                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.924957                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.075043                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                          635626                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass               22468      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                 5231115     72.65%     72.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  12829      0.18%     73.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   36992      0.51%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                 51928      0.72%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                1367471     18.99%     93.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                460438      6.39%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead             15043      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                  7200113                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                127                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                       29057230                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   4564293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     7716174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             7644073                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                72664                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                     34590                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       604968                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    7644073                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                       72664                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads          15216032                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          6551879                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads             122943                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes             62565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            3969111                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           3217551                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     2035550                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                   1535051                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   500499                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             29057229.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                          673955                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass               22475      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 5556351     72.01%     72.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  12835      0.17%     72.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   36999      0.48%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                 51964      0.67%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     73.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                1520004     19.70%     93.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                498670      6.46%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead             15047      0.20%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                  7716174                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                109                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                       24606735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   3680936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     6326374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             6254402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                72526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                     34476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts       503773                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    6254402                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                       72526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          12479432                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          5364754                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads             122697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes             62439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            3411733                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           2712430                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     1514719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   1115293                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   399426                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             3768843.455674                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             20837891.544326                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.846837                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.153163                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                          572449                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass               22454      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 4687550     74.10%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  12817      0.20%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   36978      0.58%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                 51856      0.82%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                1100258     17.39%     93.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                397597      6.28%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead             15035      0.24%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                  6326374                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                115                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                       26733251                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   4003592                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     6838938                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             6766923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                72572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                     34514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       541724                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    6766923                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                       72572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          13485581                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          5801323                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads             122779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes             62481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            3620729                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           2901905                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     1704327                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   1266986                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   437341                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             2138108.621328                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             24595142.378672                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.920021                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.079979                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                          610497                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass               22461      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                 5010450     73.26%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  12823      0.19%     73.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   36985      0.54%     74.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                 51892      0.76%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                1251947     18.31%     93.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                435512      6.37%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead             15039      0.22%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                  6838938                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                115                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                       26670977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   4010685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                     6850381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses             6778366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                72572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                     34514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts       542594                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                    6778366                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                       72572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          13507878                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          5811026                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads             122779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes             62481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            3625524                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           2906235                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                     1708449                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   1270258                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                   438191                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             2190287.888011                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             24480689.111989                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.917877                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.082123                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                          611387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               22461      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                 5017771     73.25%     73.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  12823      0.19%     73.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   36985      0.54%     74.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                 51892      0.76%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                1255219     18.32%     93.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                436362      6.37%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead             15039      0.22%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                  6850381                       # Class of executed instruction
system.fpga0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.fpga0.clk_domain.clock                    3333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.fpga0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.numCycles                        4231643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.fpga0.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.fpga0.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.fpga1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.fpga1.clk_domain.clock                    3333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.fpga1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.numCycles                        3908543                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.fpga1.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.fpga1.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.piobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.piobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              827972                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             827972                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                470                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               470                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        73718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        73718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        56814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        56814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        36948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        36948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        94220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        94220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        95620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        95620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        53874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        53874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       132296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       132296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port         3670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       209450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       209450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       194762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       194762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       232864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       232864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       132038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       132038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       169860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       169860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       170750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       170750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count::total                1656884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       294872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       294872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       227256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       227256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       147792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       147792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       376880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       376880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       382480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       382480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       215496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       215496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       529184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       529184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        14680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       837800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       837800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       779048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       779048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       931456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       931456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       528152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       528152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       679440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       679440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       683000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       683000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size::total                 6627536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.reqLayer0.occupancy           678538500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.reqLayer1.occupancy           501094500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer2.occupancy           79314000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer2.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer4.occupancy           60359500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer4.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer6.occupancy           40958000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer6.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer8.occupancy           98779500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer8.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer10.occupancy         100264000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer10.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer12.occupancy          60916000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer12.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer14.occupancy         138476000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer14.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer16.occupancy           3646500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer18.occupancy         218817500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer18.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer20.occupancy         201492500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer20.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer22.occupancy         239934500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer22.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer24.occupancy         138988500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer24.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer26.occupancy         177149000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer26.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer28.occupancy         179485500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer28.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                5560058                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 13.737289                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                12.052743                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 7.532723                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |      800733     14.40%     14.40% |     3413076     61.39%     75.79% |      477420      8.59%     84.37% |      651247     11.71%     96.09% |      217448      3.91%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  5560058                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     85996147                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000115                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000080                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.010743                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    85986221     99.99%     99.99% |        9926      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     85996147                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       85996147                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.672714                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.443669                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        14.648864                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    85979280     99.98%     99.98% |        6730      0.01%     99.99% |        6348      0.01%    100.00% |         426      0.00%    100.00% |        2978      0.00%    100.00% |         385      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         85996147                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84922879                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.696901                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.379935                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.266899                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    65195267     76.77%     76.77% |           0      0.00%     76.77% |           0      0.00%     76.77% |    19727612     23.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     84922879                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1073268                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    79.884412                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    51.409579                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   105.024239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1056401     98.43%     98.43% |        6730      0.63%     99.06% |        6348      0.59%     99.65% |         426      0.04%     99.69% |        2978      0.28%     99.96% |         385      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1073268                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1116173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        53630                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1169803                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      4245797                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         1679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4247476                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1067753                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43084                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1110837                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4076897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses         1687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4078584                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1786870                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses       132957                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1919827                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits      6032931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses         2523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6035454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1368087                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        81322                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1449409                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits      4905139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses         2514                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4907653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1520332                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        99774                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1620106                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits      5322370                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses         2516                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5324886                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1523162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses       100621                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1623783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits      5332517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses         1691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5334208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits         7511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses          889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits         7511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses          889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       969993                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33779                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1003772                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3839687                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         2510                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3842197                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1217041                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1279085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4489064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses         1695                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4490759                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1222642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        63105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1285747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits      4505146                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses         1685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4506831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1020587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1062743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits      4008386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses         2509                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4010895                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1369077                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        81451                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1450528                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits      4908781                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses         1686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4910467                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits       868733                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       886013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits      3504997                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses         1692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3506689                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1678340                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses       119420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1797760                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits      5758805                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses         1687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5760492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1634995                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses       113114                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1748109                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits      5613555                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses         1679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5615234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        47411                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        19242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        66653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        47405                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        19085                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        66490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        49291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        19205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        68496                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        47812                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        19211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        67023                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        47772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        19337                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        67109                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        47900                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        19405                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        67305                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        52795                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        19381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        72176                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        46811                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        19240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        66051                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47448                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        19045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        66493                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        47482                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        19162                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        66644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47440                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        19006                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        66446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        46966                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        19192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        66158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        19246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        66493                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        19268                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        66739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47439                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        19392                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        66831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        47177                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        18984                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        66161                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2375361                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2375361                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2398211                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2375361                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2375361                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2781523                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2781523                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2814048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2781523                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2781523                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      2638077                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      2638077                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2669887                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2638077                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      2638077                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      2218539                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      2218539                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2237848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2218539                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      2218539                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3409796                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3409796                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3445965                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3409796                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3409796                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3168404                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3168404                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3211378                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3168404                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3168404                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2964235                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2964235                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2990094                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2964235                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2964235                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2704320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2704320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2730408                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2704320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2704320                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      4220238                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      4220238                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity      4289549                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity      4220238                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      4220238                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5070065                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5070065                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity      5167600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity      5070065                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5070065                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4907942                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4907942                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity      5007016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity      4907942                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4907942                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      3727831                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      3727831                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3789405                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3727831                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      3727831                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2874083                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2874083                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2903137                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2874083                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2874083                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3720062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3720062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3780193                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3720062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3720062                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3197790                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3197790                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3237358                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3197790                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3197790                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2718138                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2718138                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2747354                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2718138                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2718138                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |     2406489     41.02%     41.02% |     2411629     41.11%     82.13% |     1048574     17.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total      5866692                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |     2406489     41.02%     41.02% |     2411629     41.11%     82.13% |     1048574     17.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total      5866692                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |    39537401                       |    29172176                       |     9556506                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |     5840597                       |     3197473                       |     1048574                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |   16.429496                       |   12.096461                       |    9.113812                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |    2.427020                       |    1.325856                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    13.340752                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency     1.719307                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency    15.060059                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5870237     39.53%     39.53% |     7931949     53.41%     92.94% |     1048574      7.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     14850760                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5870237     39.53%     39.53% |     7931949     53.41%     92.94% |     1048574      7.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     14850760                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |    97213875                       |    88672747                       |     9556506                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |    12768101                       |    11804205                       |     1048574                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |   16.560469                       |   11.179188                       |    9.113812                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |    2.175057                       |    1.488185                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    13.160480                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency     1.725223                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency    14.885703                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization     14850760                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization     14850760                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization     37845644                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     2.324625                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.582836     25.07%     25.07% |    0.212966      9.16%     34.23% |    0.064361      2.77%     37.00% |    0.054953      2.36%     39.37% |    0.981127     42.21%     81.57% |    0.127758      5.50%     87.07% |    0.068971      2.97%     90.03% |    0.068432      2.94%     92.98% |    0.134435      5.78%     98.76% |    0.010733      0.46%     99.22% |    0.009032      0.39%     99.61% |    0.009021      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       2.324625                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             2.548398                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14528615000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3146322                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        14.994317                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       12.571737                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        9.216824                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      549718     17.47%     17.47% |     1679183     53.37%     70.84% |       51404      1.63%     72.48% |      648468     20.61%     93.09% |      217417      6.91%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3146322                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2410618                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        12.103077                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       11.412886                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.901834                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      250131     10.38%     10.38% |     1731695     71.84%     82.21% |      425980     17.67%     99.88% |        2779      0.12%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2410618                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          3118                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         8.748557                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.340004                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.641374                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         215      6.90%      6.90% |         669     21.46%     28.35% |         964     30.92%     59.27% |         743     23.83%     83.10% |         371     11.90%     95.00% |         120      3.85%     98.85% |          34      1.09%     99.94% |           2      0.06%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            3118                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     13034512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.710819                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.715639                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     29.465251                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    13024984     99.93%     99.93% |        3772      0.03%     99.96% |        2278      0.02%     99.97% |         401      0.00%     99.98% |        2694      0.02%    100.00% |         383      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      13034512                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12158476                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.672129                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.364229                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.250852                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9434454     77.60%     77.60% |           0      0.00%     77.60% |           0      0.00%     77.60% |     2724022     22.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12158476                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       876036                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    61.763662                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.296868                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    97.611108                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      866508     98.91%     98.91% |        3772      0.43%     99.34% |        2278      0.26%     99.60% |         401      0.05%     99.65% |        2694      0.31%     99.96% |         383      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       876036                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5408214                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.530855                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.533991                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     32.371770                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     5401778     99.88%     99.88% |        2487      0.05%     99.93% |        3737      0.07%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       5408214                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5241256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.614868                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.328605                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.211009                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4167029     79.50%     79.50% |           0      0.00%     79.50% |           0      0.00%     79.50% |     1074227     20.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5241256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       166958                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   160.856772                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   139.819773                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    96.561624                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      160522     96.15%     96.15% |        2487      1.49%     97.63% |        3737      2.24%     99.87% |          18      0.01%     99.88% |         192      0.11%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       166958                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     66571825                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.782673                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.395382                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.126327                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    66551172     99.97%     99.97% |       19833      0.03%    100.00% |         300      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     66571825                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     66544072                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.716977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.392797                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.279404                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50640547     76.10%     76.10% |           0      0.00%     76.10% |           0      0.00%     76.10% |    15903525     23.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     66544072                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27753                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   159.302886                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.057095                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   109.976191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7100     25.58%     25.58% |       19833     71.46%     97.05% |         300      1.08%     98.13% |         118      0.43%     98.55% |         164      0.59%     99.14% |         148      0.53%     99.68% |           3      0.01%     99.69% |           2      0.01%     99.69% |           2      0.01%     99.70% |          83      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        27753                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       981596                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.435746                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.049349                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.100368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      980014     99.84%     99.84% |        1499      0.15%     99.99% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       981596                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       979075                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.079171                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.037262                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.480879                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      953237     97.36%     97.36% |           0      0.00%     97.36% |           0      0.00%     97.36% |       25838      2.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       979075                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2521                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   139.918286                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    94.406343                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   113.730594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         939     37.25%     37.25% |        1499     59.46%     96.71% |          41      1.63%     98.33% |          12      0.48%     98.81% |          12      0.48%     99.29% |           9      0.36%     99.64% |           1      0.04%     99.68% |           1      0.04%     99.72% |           2      0.08%     99.80% |           5      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2521                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       38424     12.57%     12.57% |       37859     12.39%     24.96% |       38012     12.44%     37.40% |       38135     12.48%     49.88% |       38133     12.48%     62.35% |       38345     12.55%     74.90% |       38417     12.57%     87.47% |       38298     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       305623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          18     10.84%     10.84% |          15      9.04%     19.88% |          19     11.45%     31.33% |          19     11.45%     42.77% |          24     14.46%     57.23% |          26     15.66%     72.89% |          28     16.87%     89.76% |          17     10.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       38424     12.57%     12.57% |       37859     12.39%     24.96% |       38012     12.44%     37.40% |       38135     12.48%     49.88% |       38133     12.48%     62.35% |       38345     12.55%     74.90% |       38417     12.57%     87.47% |       38298     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       305623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |          18     10.84%     10.84% |          15      9.04%     19.88% |          19     11.45%     31.33% |          19     11.45%     42.77% |          24     14.46%     57.23% |          26     15.66%     72.89% |          28     16.87%     89.76% |          17     10.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total          166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         116     13.73%     13.73% |         102     12.07%     25.80% |          83      9.82%     35.62% |         109     12.90%     48.52% |         108     12.78%     61.30% |         107     12.66%     73.96% |         115     13.61%     87.57% |         105     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          845                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       38424     12.57%     12.57% |       37859     12.39%     24.96% |       38012     12.44%     37.40% |       38135     12.48%     49.88% |       38133     12.48%     62.35% |       38345     12.55%     74.90% |       38417     12.57%     87.47% |       38298     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       305623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |          18     10.84%     10.84% |          15      9.04%     19.88% |          19     11.45%     31.33% |          19     11.45%     42.77% |          24     14.46%     57.23% |          26     15.66%     72.89% |          28     16.87%     89.76% |          17     10.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total          166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         116     13.73%     13.73% |         102     12.07%     25.80% |          83      9.82%     35.62% |         109     12.90%     48.52% |         108     12.78%     61.30% |         107     12.66%     73.96% |         115     13.61%     87.57% |         105     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          845                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       38424     12.57%     12.57% |       37859     12.39%     24.96% |       38012     12.44%     37.40% |       38135     12.48%     49.88% |       38133     12.48%     62.35% |       38345     12.55%     74.90% |       38417     12.57%     87.47% |       38298     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       305623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |          18     10.84%     10.84% |          15      9.04%     19.88% |          19     11.45%     31.33% |          19     11.45%     42.77% |          24     14.46%     57.23% |          26     15.66%     72.89% |          28     16.87%     89.76% |          17     10.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total          166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      780987      5.99%      5.99% |      747389      5.73%     11.73% |      670190      5.14%     16.87% |      859435      6.59%     23.46% |      863862      6.63%     30.09% |        4200      0.03%     30.12% |        4200      0.03%     30.15% |      703907      5.40%     35.55% |      973675      7.47%     43.02% |      602990      4.63%     47.65% |     1205104      9.25%     56.89% |     1177539      9.03%     65.93% |     1291985      9.91%     75.84% |      972949      7.46%     83.31% |     1086849      8.34%     91.64% |     1089251      8.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     13034512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4247477      6.38%      6.38% |     4078585      6.13%     12.51% |     3842198      5.77%     18.28% |     4490760      6.75%     25.02% |     4506832      6.77%     31.79% |           0      0.00%     31.79% |           0      0.00%     31.79% |     4010896      6.02%     37.82% |     4910468      7.38%     45.20% |     3506690      5.27%     50.46% |     5760493      8.65%     59.12% |     5615235      8.43%     67.55% |     6035455      9.07%     76.62% |     4907654      7.37%     83.99% |     5324887      8.00%     91.99% |     5334209      8.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     66571839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      388816      6.08%      6.08% |      363448      5.69%     11.77% |      333582      5.22%     16.99% |      419650      6.57%     23.56% |      421885      6.60%     30.16% |        4200      0.07%     30.23% |        4200      0.07%     30.29% |      358836      5.62%     35.91% |      476853      7.46%     43.37% |      283023      4.43%     47.80% |      592656      9.28%     57.08% |      570570      8.93%     66.01% |      627842      9.83%     75.83% |      476460      7.46%     83.29% |      533257      8.35%     91.63% |      534532      8.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6389810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          51      3.81%      3.81% |          51      3.81%      7.61% |          71      5.30%     12.91% |          73      5.45%     18.36% |          52      3.88%     22.24% |         189     14.10%     36.34% |         189     14.10%     50.45% |          52      3.88%     54.33% |         126      9.40%     63.73% |          52      3.88%     67.61% |          61      4.55%     72.16% |         108      8.06%     80.22% |          78      5.82%     86.04% |          66      4.93%     90.97% |          54      4.03%     95.00% |          67      5.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       53768      5.12%      5.12% |       43231      4.12%      9.24% |       34752      3.31%     12.54% |       62200      5.92%     18.47% |       63252      6.02%     24.49% |         153      0.01%     24.50% |         153      0.01%     24.52% |       43125      4.11%     28.63% |       81597      7.77%     36.39% |       17431      1.66%     38.05% |      119566     11.38%     49.44% |      113250     10.78%     60.22% |      133940     12.75%     72.98% |       82297      7.84%     80.81% |      100751      9.59%     90.40% |      100773      9.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1050239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          52      2.92%      2.92% |          52      2.92%      5.85% |          52      2.92%      8.77% |          52      2.92%     11.70% |          52      2.92%     14.62% |         525     29.53%     44.15% |         525     29.53%     73.68% |          52      2.92%     76.60% |          52      2.92%     79.53% |          52      2.92%     82.45% |          52      2.92%     85.38% |          52      2.92%     88.30% |          52      2.92%     91.23% |          52      2.92%     94.15% |          52      2.92%     97.08% |          52      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          22      7.05%      7.05% |          23      7.37%     14.42% |          23      7.37%     21.79% |          21      6.73%     28.53% |          22      7.05%     35.58% |           0      0.00%     35.58% |           0      0.00%     35.58% |          20      6.41%     41.99% |          22      7.05%     49.04% |          23      7.37%     56.41% |          23      7.37%     63.78% |          22      7.05%     70.83% |          23      7.37%     78.21% |          22      7.05%     85.26% |          23      7.37%     92.63% |          23      7.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       33289      3.81%      3.81% |       31962      3.66%      7.46% |       13892      1.59%      9.05% |       50754      5.81%     14.86% |       51866      5.93%     20.79% |           0      0.00%     20.79% |           0      0.00%     20.79% |       13925      1.59%     22.38% |       70088      8.02%     30.40% |       13852      1.58%     31.99% |      108063     12.36%     44.35% |      109590     12.54%     56.88% |      128785     14.73%     71.62% |       69986      8.01%     79.62% |       88696     10.15%     89.77% |       89451     10.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       874199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          75      4.22%      4.22% |          75      4.22%      8.44% |          75      4.22%     12.65% |          75      4.22%     16.87% |          75      4.22%     21.09% |         364     20.47%     41.56% |         364     20.47%     62.04% |          75      4.22%     66.25% |          75      4.22%     70.47% |          75      4.22%     74.69% |          75      4.22%     78.91% |          75      4.22%     83.13% |          75      4.22%     87.35% |          75      4.22%     91.56% |          75      4.22%     95.78% |          75      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       21919     11.17%     11.17% |       12707      6.48%     17.65% |       22295     11.36%     29.01% |       12886      6.57%     35.58% |       12823      6.53%     42.11% |         175      0.09%     42.20% |         175      0.09%     42.29% |       30641     15.62%     57.90% |       12948      6.60%     64.50% |        5018      2.56%     67.06% |       12942      6.60%     73.66% |        5102      2.60%     76.26% |        6593      3.36%     79.62% |       13749      7.01%     86.62% |       13492      6.88%     93.50% |       12759      6.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       196224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           5      0.65%      0.65% |           4      0.52%      1.17% |           4      0.52%      1.70% |           6      0.78%      2.48% |           5      0.65%      3.13% |         350     45.69%     48.83% |         350     45.69%     94.52% |           7      0.91%     95.43% |           5      0.65%     96.08% |           4      0.52%     96.61% |           4      0.52%     97.13% |           5      0.65%     97.78% |           4      0.52%     98.30% |           5      0.65%     98.96% |           4      0.52%     99.48% |           4      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          26      2.44%      2.44% |          27      2.53%      4.97% |          27      2.53%      7.50% |          24      2.25%      9.75% |          26      2.44%     12.18% |         350     32.80%     44.99% |         350     32.80%     77.79% |          24      2.25%     80.04% |          26      2.44%     82.47% |          27      2.53%     85.00% |          27      2.53%     87.54% |          26      2.44%     89.97% |          27      2.53%     92.50% |          26      2.44%     94.94% |          27      2.53%     97.47% |          27      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         1067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       52477      5.11%      5.11% |       41931      4.08%      9.19% |       32609      3.17%     12.36% |       60891      5.93%     18.29% |       61952      6.03%     24.31% |           0      0.00%     24.31% |           0      0.00%     24.31% |       41003      3.99%     28.31% |       80298      7.81%     36.12% |       16136      1.57%     37.69% |      118267     11.51%     49.20% |      111967     10.90%     60.09% |      131810     12.83%     72.92% |       80169      7.80%     80.72% |       98621      9.60%     90.32% |       99467      9.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1027598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       33365      3.81%      3.81% |       32038      3.66%      7.47% |       13987      1.60%      9.07% |       50830      5.80%     14.87% |       51944      5.93%     20.80% |         182      0.02%     20.82% |         182      0.02%     20.84% |       14002      1.60%     22.44% |       70164      8.01%     30.46% |       13928      1.59%     32.05% |      108139     12.35%     44.40% |      109666     12.52%     56.92% |      128861     14.72%     71.64% |       70062      8.00%     79.64% |       88772     10.14%     89.78% |       89529     10.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       875651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        1679      6.05%      6.05% |        1687      6.08%     12.13% |        2510      9.05%     21.17% |        1695      6.11%     27.28% |        1685      6.07%     33.35% |           0      0.00%     33.35% |           0      0.00%     33.35% |        2509      9.04%     42.40% |        1686      6.08%     48.47% |        1692      6.10%     54.57% |        1686      6.08%     60.65% |        1678      6.05%     66.69% |        2522      9.09%     75.78% |        2514      9.06%     84.84% |        2516      9.07%     93.91% |        1691      6.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        27750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       20259     12.01%     12.01% |       11040      6.54%     18.55% |       19788     11.73%     30.28% |       11209      6.64%     36.92% |       11157      6.61%     43.53% |         175      0.10%     43.64% |         175      0.10%     43.74% |       28149     16.68%     60.43% |       11281      6.69%     67.11% |        3346      1.98%     69.09% |       11275      6.68%     75.78% |        3442      2.04%     77.82% |        4090      2.42%     80.24% |       11254      6.67%     86.91% |       10996      6.52%     93.43% |       11088      6.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       168724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |          48      5.26%      5.26% |          49      5.37%     10.64% |          68      7.46%     18.09% |          70      7.68%     25.77% |          50      5.48%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |          50      5.48%     36.73% |         121     13.27%     50.00% |          50      5.48%     55.48% |          51      5.59%     61.07% |         103     11.29%     72.37% |          74      8.11%     80.48% |          62      6.80%     87.28% |          51      5.59%     92.87% |          65      7.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           2      0.52%      0.52% |           2      0.52%      1.04% |           0      0.00%      1.04% |           2      0.52%      1.56% |           0      0.00%      1.56% |         182     47.27%     48.83% |         182     47.27%     96.10% |           1      0.26%     96.36% |           2      0.52%     96.88% |           2      0.52%     97.40% |           2      0.52%     97.92% |           2      0.52%     98.44% |           2      0.52%     98.96% |           2      0.52%     99.48% |           2      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          385                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           3     15.00%     30.00% |           3     15.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           2     10.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           5     25.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         522      3.49%      3.49% |         522      3.49%      6.98% |         505      3.37%     10.35% |         522      3.49%     13.84% |         522      3.49%     17.33% |        3836     25.64%     42.97% |        3836     25.64%     68.60% |         522      3.49%     72.09% |         522      3.49%     75.58% |         522      3.49%     79.07% |         522      3.49%     82.56% |         522      3.49%     86.05% |         522      3.49%     89.53% |         522      3.49%     93.02% |         522      3.49%     96.51% |         522      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        14963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4245797      6.38%      6.38% |     4076897      6.13%     12.51% |     3839687      5.77%     18.28% |     4489064      6.75%     25.02% |     4505146      6.77%     31.79% |           0      0.00%     31.79% |           0      0.00%     31.79% |     4008386      6.02%     37.82% |     4908781      7.38%     45.19% |     3504997      5.27%     50.46% |     5758805      8.65%     59.12% |     5613555      8.44%     67.55% |     6032931      9.07%     76.62% |     4905139      7.37%     83.99% |     5322370      8.00%     91.99% |     5332517      8.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     66544072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           4      0.53%      1.06% |           4      0.53%      1.59% |           3      0.40%      1.99% |           4      0.53%      2.52% |         350     46.36%     48.87% |         350     46.36%     95.23% |           4      0.53%     95.76% |           4      0.53%     96.29% |           4      0.53%     96.82% |           4      0.53%     97.35% |           4      0.53%     97.88% |           4      0.53%     98.41% |           4      0.53%     98.94% |           4      0.53%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           3      0.70%      0.70% |           2      0.47%      1.17% |           3      0.70%      1.87% |           3      0.70%      2.57% |           2      0.47%      3.04% |         189     44.16%     47.20% |         189     44.16%     91.36% |           2      0.47%     91.82% |           5      1.17%     92.99% |           2      0.47%     93.46% |          10      2.34%     95.79% |           5      1.17%     96.96% |           4      0.93%     97.90% |           4      0.93%     98.83% |           3      0.70%     99.53% |           2      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total          428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        1291      5.71%      5.71% |        1300      5.75%     11.45% |        2142      9.47%     20.92% |        1309      5.79%     26.71% |        1298      5.74%     32.45% |         150      0.66%     33.11% |         150      0.66%     33.77% |        2122      9.38%     43.15% |        1297      5.73%     48.89% |        1295      5.72%     54.61% |        1294      5.72%     60.33% |        1282      5.67%     66.00% |        2130      9.42%     75.42% |        2128      9.41%     84.82% |        2129      9.41%     94.24% |        1304      5.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        22621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      295352      7.64%      7.64% |      261719      6.77%     14.40% |      273251      7.07%     21.47% |      283147      7.32%     28.79% |      250187      6.47%     35.26% |           0      0.00%     35.26% |           0      0.00%     35.26% |      288024      7.45%     42.71% |      276640      7.15%     49.86% |      286463      7.41%     57.26% |      267230      6.91%     64.17% |      275052      7.11%     71.29% |      269638      6.97%     78.26% |      289201      7.48%     85.73% |      288079      7.45%     93.18% |      263658      6.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3867641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       20412      2.88%      2.88% |       20463      2.88%      5.76% |        2335      0.33%      6.09% |       39198      5.52%     11.61% |       40327      5.68%     17.29% |           0      0.00%     17.29% |           0      0.00%     17.29% |        2329      0.33%     17.62% |       58350      8.22%     25.84% |        2331      0.33%     26.16% |       96479     13.59%     39.75% |       97972     13.80%     53.55% |      116461     16.40%     69.96% |       58342      8.22%     78.18% |       77077     10.86%     89.03% |       77854     10.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       709930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       12693      7.85%      7.85% |       11311      7.00%     14.85% |       11371      7.03%     21.88% |       11371      7.03%     28.92% |       11351      7.02%     35.94% |           0      0.00%     35.94% |           0      0.00%     35.94% |       11412      7.06%     43.00% |       11555      7.15%     50.14% |       11331      7.01%     57.15% |       11394      7.05%     64.20% |       11425      7.07%     71.27% |       12141      7.51%     78.78% |       11458      7.09%     85.87% |       11438      7.08%     92.94% |       11410      7.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       161661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      451746      5.46%      5.46% |      453108      5.48%     10.93% |      382447      4.62%     15.55% |      524934      6.34%     21.90% |      561209      6.78%     28.68% |           0      0.00%     28.68% |           0      0.00%     28.68% |      401358      4.85%     33.53% |      626347      7.57%     41.10% |      302075      3.65%     44.75% |      829211     10.02%     54.77% |      792297      9.57%     64.34% |      892962     10.79%     75.13% |      613162      7.41%     82.54% |      709474      8.57%     91.11% |      735542      8.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      8275872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      348141      6.32%      6.32% |      331941      6.02%     12.34% |      311455      5.65%     17.99% |      369240      6.70%     24.69% |      370397      6.72%     31.42% |        3675      0.07%     31.48% |        3675      0.07%     31.55% |      328354      5.96%     37.51% |      407218      7.39%     44.90% |      277342      5.03%     49.93% |      484898      8.80%     58.73% |      469152      8.51%     67.25% |      507287      9.21%     76.45% |      406860      7.38%     83.83% |      445180      8.08%     91.91% |      445586      8.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5510401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       39784      4.59%      4.59% |       30620      3.54%      8.13% |       21238      2.45%     10.58% |       49520      5.72%     16.30% |       50601      5.84%     22.15% |           0      0.00%     22.15% |           0      0.00%     22.15% |       29591      3.42%     25.56% |       68743      7.94%     33.50% |        4805      0.55%     34.06% |      106873     12.34%     46.40% |      100542     11.61%     58.01% |      119669     13.82%     71.83% |       68711      7.93%     79.76% |       87183     10.07%     89.83% |       88057     10.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       865937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          52      2.92%      2.92% |          52      2.92%      5.85% |          52      2.92%      8.77% |          52      2.92%     11.70% |          52      2.92%     14.62% |         525     29.53%     44.15% |         525     29.53%     73.68% |          52      2.92%     76.60% |          52      2.92%     79.53% |          52      2.92%     82.45% |          52      2.92%     85.38% |          52      2.92%     88.30% |          52      2.92%     91.23% |          52      2.92%     94.15% |          52      2.92%     97.08% |          52      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       33289      3.81%      3.81% |       31962      3.66%      7.46% |       13892      1.59%      9.05% |       50754      5.81%     14.86% |       51866      5.93%     20.79% |           0      0.00%     20.79% |           0      0.00%     20.79% |       13925      1.59%     22.38% |       70088      8.02%     30.40% |       13852      1.58%     31.99% |      108063     12.36%     44.35% |      109590     12.54%     56.88% |      128785     14.73%     71.62% |       69986      8.01%     79.62% |       88696     10.15%     89.77% |       89451     10.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       874199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          75      4.22%      4.22% |          75      4.22%      8.44% |          75      4.22%     12.65% |          75      4.22%     16.87% |          75      4.22%     21.09% |         364     20.47%     41.56% |         364     20.47%     62.04% |          75      4.22%     66.25% |          75      4.22%     70.47% |          75      4.22%     74.69% |          75      4.22%     78.91% |          75      4.22%     83.13% |          75      4.22%     87.35% |          75      4.22%     91.56% |          75      4.22%     95.78% |          75      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        1682      6.05%      6.05% |        1690      6.08%     12.12% |        2530      9.10%     21.22% |        1698      6.11%     27.33% |        1688      6.07%     33.40% |           0      0.00%     33.40% |           0      0.00%     33.40% |        2512      9.03%     42.43% |        1689      6.07%     48.50% |        1695      6.09%     54.60% |        1690      6.08%     60.67% |        1682      6.05%     66.72% |        2526      9.08%     75.80% |        2517      9.05%     84.85% |        2519      9.06%     93.91% |        1694      6.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        27812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          22      7.05%      7.05% |          23      7.37%     14.42% |          23      7.37%     21.79% |          21      6.73%     28.53% |          22      7.05%     35.58% |           0      0.00%     35.58% |           0      0.00%     35.58% |          20      6.41%     41.99% |          22      7.05%     49.04% |          23      7.37%     56.41% |          23      7.37%     63.78% |          22      7.05%     70.83% |          23      7.37%     78.21% |          22      7.05%     85.26% |          23      7.37%     92.63% |          23      7.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       20237     12.02%     12.02% |       11017      6.54%     18.56% |       19765     11.74%     30.29% |       11188      6.64%     36.94% |       11135      6.61%     43.55% |         175      0.10%     43.65% |         175      0.10%     43.76% |       28129     16.70%     60.46% |       11259      6.69%     67.14% |        3323      1.97%     69.12% |       11252      6.68%     75.80% |        3420      2.03%     77.83% |        4067      2.41%     80.24% |       11232      6.67%     86.91% |       10973      6.52%     93.43% |       11065      6.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       168412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           3     27.27%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           3     27.27%     72.73% |           1      9.09%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           4      0.53%      1.06% |           4      0.53%      1.59% |           3      0.40%      1.99% |           4      0.53%      2.52% |         350     46.36%     48.87% |         350     46.36%     95.23% |           4      0.53%     95.76% |           4      0.53%     96.29% |           4      0.53%     96.82% |           4      0.53%     97.35% |           4      0.53%     97.88% |           4      0.53%     98.41% |           4      0.53%     98.94% |           4      0.53%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          26      2.44%      2.44% |          27      2.53%      4.97% |          27      2.53%      7.50% |          24      2.25%      9.75% |          26      2.44%     12.18% |         350     32.80%     44.99% |         350     32.80%     77.79% |          24      2.25%     80.04% |          26      2.44%     82.47% |          27      2.53%     85.00% |          27      2.53%     87.54% |          26      2.44%     89.97% |          27      2.53%     92.50% |          26      2.44%     94.94% |          27      2.53%     97.47% |          27      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         1067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       52477      5.11%      5.11% |       41931      4.08%      9.19% |       32609      3.17%     12.36% |       60891      5.93%     18.29% |       61952      6.03%     24.31% |           0      0.00%     24.31% |           0      0.00%     24.31% |       41003      3.99%     28.31% |       80298      7.81%     36.12% |       16136      1.57%     37.69% |      118267     11.51%     49.20% |      111967     10.90%     60.09% |      131810     12.83%     72.92% |       80169      7.80%     80.72% |       98621      9.60%     90.32% |       99467      9.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1027598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        1601      5.77%      5.77% |        1508      5.43%     11.20% |        1759      6.34%     17.54% |        1329      4.79%     22.33% |        1689      6.09%     28.41% |        1399      5.04%     33.46% |        1497      5.39%     38.85% |        1394      5.02%     43.87% |        1509      5.44%     49.31% |        1234      4.45%     53.76% |        1422      5.12%     58.88% |        1417      5.11%     63.99% |        1376      4.96%     68.94% |        1475      5.31%     74.26% |        5691     20.51%     94.76% |        1453      5.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total        27753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       54598      6.23%      6.23% |       54358      6.20%     12.44% |       54110      6.18%     18.61% |       54812      6.26%     24.87% |       54173      6.18%     31.05% |       54239      6.19%     37.25% |       54533      6.22%     43.47% |       54693      6.24%     49.71% |       54828      6.26%     55.97% |       54399      6.21%     62.18% |       55938      6.39%     68.57% |       55172      6.30%     74.87% |       55310      6.31%     81.18% |       55422      6.33%     87.51% |       55390      6.32%     93.83% |       54061      6.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       876036                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       10426      6.18%      6.18% |       10596      6.28%     12.46% |       10568      6.26%     18.72% |       10475      6.21%     24.93% |       10556      6.26%     31.19% |       10464      6.20%     37.39% |       10407      6.17%     43.56% |       10596      6.28%     49.84% |       10438      6.19%     56.02% |       10472      6.21%     62.23% |       11067      6.56%     68.79% |       10378      6.15%     74.94% |       10367      6.14%     81.09% |       10352      6.14%     87.22% |       11053      6.55%     93.77% |       10509      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       168724                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |          28      3.71%      3.71% |          28      3.71%      7.42% |          56      7.42%     14.83% |          28      3.71%     18.54% |          28      3.71%     22.25% |          56      7.42%     29.67% |          56      7.42%     37.09% |          56      7.42%     44.50% |          56      7.42%     51.92% |          56      7.42%     59.34% |          69      9.14%     68.48% |          56      7.42%     75.89% |          56      7.42%     83.31% |          56      7.42%     90.73% |          42      5.56%     96.29% |          28      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       64016      6.23%      6.23% |       63946      6.22%     12.45% |       63631      6.19%     18.64% |       64223      6.25%     24.89% |       63667      6.20%     31.09% |       63586      6.19%     37.28% |       63820      6.21%     43.49% |       64172      6.24%     49.73% |       64147      6.24%     55.98% |       63740      6.20%     62.18% |       65899      6.41%     68.59% |       64430      6.27%     74.86% |       64613      6.29%     81.15% |       64694      6.30%     87.45% |       65449      6.37%     93.81% |       63565      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1027598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           7      4.22%      4.22% |           8      4.82%      9.04% |          10      6.02%     15.06% |           7      4.22%     19.28% |           9      5.42%     24.70% |          15      9.04%     33.73% |          16      9.64%     43.37% |          11      6.63%     50.00% |          11      6.63%     56.63% |           7      4.22%     60.84% |           9      5.42%     66.27% |          12      7.23%     73.49% |          15      9.04%     82.53% |          11      6.63%     89.16% |          12      7.23%     96.39% |           6      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total          166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |          48      5.68%      5.68% |          55      6.51%     12.19% |          38      4.50%     16.69% |          56      6.63%     23.31% |          39      4.62%     27.93% |          47      5.56%     33.49% |          56      6.63%     40.12% |          51      6.04%     46.15% |          68      8.05%     54.20% |          47      5.56%     59.76% |          45      5.33%     65.09% |          53      6.27%     71.36% |          69      8.17%     79.53% |          60      7.10%     86.63% |          59      6.98%     93.61% |          54      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total          845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       19172      6.27%      6.27% |       19015      6.22%     12.49% |       18947      6.20%     18.69% |       19064      6.24%     24.93% |       18908      6.19%     31.12% |       19052      6.23%     37.35% |       19106      6.25%     43.60% |       19128      6.26%     49.86% |       19252      6.30%     56.16% |       18844      6.17%     62.33% |       19065      6.24%     68.57% |       19071      6.24%     74.81% |       19225      6.29%     81.10% |       19293      6.31%     87.41% |       19311      6.32%     93.73% |       19170      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       305623                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |          55      5.44%      5.44% |          63      6.23%     11.67% |          48      4.75%     16.42% |          63      6.23%     22.65% |          48      4.75%     27.40% |          62      6.13%     33.53% |          72      7.12%     40.65% |          62      6.13%     46.79% |          79      7.81%     54.60% |          54      5.34%     59.94% |          54      5.34%     65.28% |          65      6.43%     71.71% |          84      8.31%     80.02% |          71      7.02%     87.04% |          71      7.02%     94.07% |          60      5.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total         1011                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          17      6.49%      6.49% |          18      6.87%     13.36% |          18      6.87%     20.23% |          18      6.87%     27.10% |          12      4.58%     31.68% |          17      6.49%     38.17% |          20      7.63%     45.80% |          14      5.34%     51.15% |          17      6.49%     57.63% |           8      3.05%     60.69% |           6      2.29%     62.98% |          14      5.34%     68.32% |          21      8.02%     76.34% |          24      9.16%     85.50% |          18      6.87%     92.37% |          20      7.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          262                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       64982      6.23%      6.23% |       64912      6.22%     12.45% |       64622      6.19%     18.64% |       65217      6.25%     24.89% |       64659      6.20%     31.08% |       64619      6.19%     37.27% |       64856      6.21%     43.49% |       65205      6.25%     49.73% |       65168      6.24%     55.98% |       64773      6.21%     62.19% |       66934      6.41%     68.60% |       65466      6.27%     74.87% |       65621      6.29%     81.16% |       65701      6.30%     87.45% |       66415      6.36%     93.82% |       64528      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1043678                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |        1302      6.30%      6.30% |        1330      6.44%     12.74% |        1457      7.05%     19.79% |        1247      6.04%     25.83% |        1316      6.37%     32.19% |        1289      6.24%     38.43% |        1260      6.10%     44.53% |        1260      6.10%     50.63% |        1332      6.45%     57.08% |        1134      5.49%     62.56% |        1232      5.96%     68.53% |        1234      5.97%     74.50% |        1208      5.85%     80.35% |        1275      6.17%     86.52% |        1470      7.11%     93.63% |        1316      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        20662                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        8470      6.32%      6.32% |        8218      6.13%     12.45% |        7980      5.95%     18.40% |        8358      6.23%     24.64% |        8120      6.06%     30.69% |        8317      6.20%     36.90% |        8386      6.26%     43.15% |        8414      6.28%     49.43% |        8513      6.35%     55.78% |        8316      6.20%     61.98% |        8414      6.28%     68.26% |        8456      6.31%     74.57% |        8638      6.44%     81.01% |        8582      6.40%     87.42% |        8428      6.29%     93.70% |        8442      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       134052                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        9400      6.23%      6.23% |        9467      6.27%     12.50% |        9510      6.30%     18.80% |        9459      6.27%     25.07% |        9472      6.28%     31.35% |        9446      6.26%     37.61% |        9460      6.27%     43.88% |        9454      6.26%     50.14% |        9407      6.23%     56.38% |        9394      6.22%     62.60% |        9419      6.24%     68.84% |        9381      6.22%     75.06% |        9379      6.22%     81.27% |        9436      6.25%     87.53% |        9413      6.24%     93.76% |        9412      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |         285      4.05%      4.05% |         178      2.53%      6.58% |         302      4.29%     10.87% |          82      1.17%     12.04% |         373      5.30%     17.34% |         110      1.56%     18.91% |         237      3.37%     22.27% |         134      1.90%     24.18% |         163      2.32%     26.50% |          86      1.22%     27.72% |         190      2.70%     30.42% |         183      2.60%     33.02% |         168      2.39%     35.41% |         200      2.84%     38.25% |        4207     59.80%     98.05% |         137      1.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total         7035                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14     23.73%     23.73% |           0      0.00%     23.73% |           0      0.00%     23.73% |           0      0.00%     23.73% |           0      0.00%     23.73% |           0      0.00%     23.73% |          14     23.73%     47.46% |          14     23.73%     71.19% |           0      0.00%     71.19% |           0      0.00%     71.19% |           0      0.00%     71.19% |          17     28.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          14      4.33%      4.33% |          14      4.33%      8.67% |          14      4.33%     13.00% |          28      8.67%     21.67% |          28      8.67%     30.34% |          28      8.67%     39.01% |          28      8.67%     47.68% |          28      8.67%     56.35% |          28      8.67%     65.02% |          28      8.67%     73.68% |          15      4.64%     78.33% |          28      8.67%     87.00% |          14      4.33%     91.33% |          14      4.33%     95.67% |           0      0.00%     95.67% |          14      4.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          323                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |          28      3.71%      3.71% |          28      3.71%      7.42% |          56      7.42%     14.83% |          28      3.71%     18.54% |          28      3.71%     22.25% |          56      7.42%     29.67% |          56      7.42%     37.09% |          56      7.42%     44.50% |          56      7.42%     51.92% |          56      7.42%     59.34% |          69      9.14%     68.48% |          56      7.42%     75.89% |          56      7.42%     83.31% |          56      7.42%     90.73% |          42      5.56%     96.29% |          28      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |          17      6.49%      6.49% |          18      6.87%     13.36% |          18      6.87%     20.23% |          18      6.87%     27.10% |          12      4.58%     31.68% |          17      6.49%     38.17% |          20      7.63%     45.80% |          14      5.34%     51.15% |          17      6.49%     57.63% |           8      3.05%     60.69% |           6      2.29%     62.98% |          14      5.34%     68.32% |          21      8.02%     76.34% |          24      9.16%     85.50% |          18      6.87%     92.37% |          20      7.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total          262                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |          14     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |          14     25.00%     50.00% |          14     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |          14     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       46058      6.22%      6.22% |       46070      6.22%     12.45% |       46018      6.22%     18.66% |       46356      6.26%     24.93% |       45955      6.21%     31.14% |       45782      6.19%     37.32% |       46007      6.22%     43.54% |       46139      6.23%     49.77% |       46161      6.24%     56.01% |       45929      6.21%     62.21% |       47384      6.40%     68.62% |       46576      6.29%     74.91% |       46560      6.29%     81.20% |       46711      6.31%     87.51% |       46892      6.34%     93.85% |       45549      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       740147                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        1012      5.79%      5.79% |        1115      6.37%     12.16% |        1044      5.97%     18.13% |         988      5.65%     23.78% |        1056      6.04%     29.81% |         990      5.66%     35.47% |         919      5.25%     40.73% |        1114      6.37%     47.10% |        1003      5.73%     52.83% |        1050      6.00%     58.83% |        1633      9.34%     68.17% |         969      5.54%     73.71% |         974      5.57%     79.28% |         902      5.16%     84.43% |        1640      9.38%     93.81% |        1083      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        17492                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           7      4.22%      4.22% |           8      4.82%      9.04% |          10      6.02%     15.06% |           7      4.22%     19.28% |           9      5.42%     24.70% |          15      9.04%     33.73% |          16      9.64%     43.37% |          11      6.63%     50.00% |          11      6.63%     56.63% |           7      4.22%     60.84% |           9      5.42%     66.27% |          12      7.23%     73.49% |          15      9.04%     82.53% |          11      6.63%     89.16% |          12      7.23%     96.39% |           6      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total          166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |          31      5.32%      5.32% |          37      6.35%     11.66% |          20      3.43%     15.09% |          38      6.52%     21.61% |          27      4.63%     26.24% |          30      5.15%     31.39% |          36      6.17%     37.56% |          37      6.35%     43.91% |          51      8.75%     52.66% |          39      6.69%     59.35% |          39      6.69%     66.04% |          39      6.69%     72.73% |          48      8.23%     80.96% |          36      6.17%     87.14% |          41      7.03%     94.17% |          34      5.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total          583                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       64016      6.23%      6.23% |       63946      6.22%     12.45% |       63631      6.19%     18.64% |       64223      6.25%     24.89% |       63667      6.20%     31.09% |       63586      6.19%     37.28% |       63820      6.21%     43.49% |       64172      6.24%     49.73% |       64147      6.24%     55.98% |       63740      6.20%     62.18% |       65899      6.41%     68.59% |       64430      6.27%     74.86% |       64613      6.29%     81.15% |       64694      6.30%     87.45% |       65449      6.37%     93.81% |       63565      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1027598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |          55      5.44%      5.44% |          63      6.23%     11.67% |          48      4.75%     16.42% |          63      6.23%     22.65% |          48      4.75%     27.40% |          62      6.13%     33.53% |          72      7.12%     40.65% |          62      6.13%     46.79% |          79      7.81%     54.60% |          54      5.34%     59.94% |          54      5.34%     65.28% |          65      6.43%     71.71% |          84      8.31%     80.02% |          71      7.02%     87.04% |          71      7.02%     94.07% |          60      5.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total         1011                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |          17      6.49%      6.49% |          18      6.87%     13.36% |          18      6.87%     20.23% |          18      6.87%     27.10% |          12      4.58%     31.68% |          17      6.49%     38.17% |          20      7.63%     45.80% |          14      5.34%     51.15% |          17      6.49%     57.63% |           8      3.05%     60.69% |           6      2.29%     62.98% |          14      5.34%     68.32% |          21      8.02%     76.34% |          24      9.16%     85.50% |          18      6.87%     92.37% |          20      7.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total          262                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        8470      6.32%      6.32% |        8218      6.13%     12.45% |        7980      5.95%     18.40% |        8358      6.23%     24.64% |        8120      6.06%     30.69% |        8317      6.20%     36.90% |        8386      6.26%     43.15% |        8414      6.28%     49.43% |        8513      6.35%     55.78% |        8316      6.20%     61.98% |        8414      6.28%     68.26% |        8456      6.31%     74.57% |        8638      6.44%     81.01% |        8582      6.40%     87.42% |        8428      6.29%     93.70% |        8442      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       134052                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1302      6.30%      6.30% |        1330      6.44%     12.74% |        1457      7.05%     19.79% |        1247      6.04%     25.83% |        1316      6.37%     32.19% |        1289      6.24%     38.43% |        1260      6.10%     44.53% |        1260      6.10%     50.63% |        1332      6.45%     57.08% |        1134      5.49%     62.56% |        1232      5.96%     68.53% |        1234      5.97%     74.50% |        1208      5.85%     80.35% |        1275      6.17%     86.52% |        1470      7.11%     93.63% |        1316      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        20662                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        9400      6.23%      6.23% |        9467      6.27%     12.50% |        9510      6.30%     18.80% |        9459      6.27%     25.07% |        9472      6.28%     31.35% |        9446      6.26%     37.61% |        9460      6.27%     43.88% |        9454      6.26%     50.14% |        9407      6.23%     56.38% |        9394      6.22%     62.60% |        9419      6.24%     68.84% |        9381      6.22%     75.06% |        9379      6.22%     81.27% |        9436      6.25%     87.53% |        9413      6.24%     93.76% |        9412      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |          42      3.90%      3.90% |          42      3.90%      7.79% |          70      6.49%     14.29% |          56      5.19%     19.48% |          56      5.19%     24.68% |          84      7.79%     32.47% |          84      7.79%     40.26% |          84      7.79%     48.05% |          84      7.79%     55.84% |          84      7.79%     63.64% |          84      7.79%     71.43% |          84      7.79%     79.22% |          70      6.49%     85.71% |          70      6.49%     92.21% |          42      3.90%     96.10% |          42      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       64940      6.23%      6.23% |       64870      6.22%     12.45% |       64552      6.19%     18.64% |       65161      6.25%     24.89% |       64603      6.20%     31.09% |       64535      6.19%     37.28% |       64772      6.21%     43.49% |       65121      6.25%     49.74% |       65084      6.24%     55.98% |       64689      6.20%     62.18% |       66850      6.41%     68.60% |       65382      6.27%     74.87% |       65551      6.29%     81.15% |       65631      6.29%     87.45% |       66373      6.37%     93.81% |       64486      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1042600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |          70      3.98%      3.98% |          70      3.98%      7.96% |          98      5.57%     13.54% |          95      5.40%     18.94% |          95      5.40%     24.35% |         138      7.85%     32.20% |         138      7.85%     40.05% |         138      7.85%     47.90% |         139      7.91%     55.80% |         139      7.91%     63.71% |         138      7.85%     71.56% |         140      7.96%     79.52% |         111      6.31%     85.84% |         111      6.31%     92.15% |          69      3.92%     96.08% |          69      3.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         1758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           3     15.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           2     10.00%     50.00% |           2     10.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           2     10.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           3     15.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           2     10.00%     50.00% |           2     10.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           2     10.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          70      3.98%      3.98% |          70      3.98%      7.96% |          98      5.57%     13.54% |          95      5.40%     18.94% |          95      5.40%     24.35% |         138      7.85%     32.20% |         138      7.85%     40.05% |         138      7.85%     47.90% |         139      7.91%     55.80% |         139      7.91%     63.71% |         138      7.85%     71.56% |         140      7.96%     79.52% |         111      6.31%     85.84% |         111      6.31%     92.15% |          69      3.92%     96.08% |          69      3.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         1758                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
