
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.014490                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14489674500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                14489674500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   4497                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                     7749                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1312951                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2267964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11035.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    49626892                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      85522609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2305408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2305408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        36022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              36022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    159106956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            159106956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        35336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               35336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    159142291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           159142291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      36022                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    36022                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2305344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2305408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             2130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             2298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  14488573000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                36022                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        23919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    96.365233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.574998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   103.314796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20274     84.76%     84.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2077      8.68%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          378      1.58%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          243      1.02%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          884      3.70%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      0.23%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        23919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1078568750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1753962500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 180105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    29942.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               48692.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      159.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   159.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   12099                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                33.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    402125.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   33.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                79011240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                41991675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              123600540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        950233440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           434095470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            31073760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     3969074730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy      648010080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy       782577000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7059668415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           487.220618                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         13455794500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30549000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    402488000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3065151250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1687451750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    599866750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8704167750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                91791840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                48780930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              133589400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        969287280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           471953160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            33401280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4191340530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy      579004800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy       675804870                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7195178970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           496.572833                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         13361595500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25431500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    410416000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2667840750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1507736250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    686446500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9191803500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2269248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2269248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        35457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              35457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    156611386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            156611386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        35336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               35336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    156646721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           156646721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      35457                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    35457                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2269184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2269248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             2071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             2080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  14488867000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                35457                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        23479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    96.636484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.656899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   103.985601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19894     84.73%     84.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2061      8.78%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          342      1.46%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          199      0.85%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          919      3.91%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           55      0.23%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        23479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1032274750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1697074750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 177280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    29114.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47864.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      156.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   156.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      1.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   11975                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                33.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    408539.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   33.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                77161980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                41008770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              121344300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        945930960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           428067150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            30285120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     3993747180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy      625316160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy       784708905                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7047672555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           486.392728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         13471188500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29601500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    400644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3085195500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1628429750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    587842750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8757961000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                90492360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                48094035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              131811540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        969287280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           467915280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            32861760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4157114880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy      622068000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy       667215720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7187205735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           496.022563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         13372538250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24793000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    410410000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2640752250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1619813500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    677406500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9116499250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2279040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2279040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total            192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        35610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              35610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    157287177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            157287177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        13251                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               13251                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    157300428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           157300428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      35610                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    35610                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2279040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2279040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                 192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             2361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             2091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             2025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             2095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             2290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             2087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             2298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            2125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            2269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            2693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            2443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            2448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  14488408500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                35610                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   3                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  26668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   6046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        23479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    97.061715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.020231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   103.728471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19756     84.14%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2173      9.26%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          378      1.61%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          201      0.86%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          909      3.87%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      0.23%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        23479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1051728750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1719416250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 178050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    29534.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               48284.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      157.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   157.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   12129                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                34.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    406829.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   34.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                76776420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                40803840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              121658460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        944087040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy           428018700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy            32021760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy     3914212800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy      645809760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy       819879825                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy            7023282435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           484.709452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime         13467329000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     33520250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    399936000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3202021750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1681909250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    588591250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8583696000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                90877920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                48298965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              132596940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        977892240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy           471647640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy            34849440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4155129000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy      613742400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy       679645800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy            7204933455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           497.246036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime         13359673000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29784000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    414128000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2653632750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1598213750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    681719000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9112197000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2286784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2286784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3          320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total            320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        35731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              35731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    157821627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            157821627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        22085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               22085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    157843711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           157843711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      35731                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    35731                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2286784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2286784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                 320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             2367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             2052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             2087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             2095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             2287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            2126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            2705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            2473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            2443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  14486880500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                35731                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   5                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  26846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   6026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        23772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    96.193841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.468954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   103.148618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20191     84.94%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2040      8.58%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          374      1.57%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          177      0.74%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          927      3.90%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      0.23%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        23772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1083856000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1753812250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 178655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    30333.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               49083.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      157.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   157.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   11958                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                33.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    405386.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   33.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                78261540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                41593200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              122372460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        939169920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy           430559190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy            30815520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy     3961027470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy      601768800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy       818346450                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy            7024100100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           484.765883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime         13462109500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30678000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    397814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3211244000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1567015000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    596330500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8686593000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                91477680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                48621540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              132746880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        966214080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy           469723890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy            33498720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4144199250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy      595653120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy       693009195                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy            7175307825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           495.201433                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime         13369448750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26165250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    409122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2732642500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1550996000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    682404500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9088344250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2286400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           2286400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        35725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              35725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4    157795125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total            157795125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4        35336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               35336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4    157830461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total           157830461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      35725                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    35725                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               2286400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                2286400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             2344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             2101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             2047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             2114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             2333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            2184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            2126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            2240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            2429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            2479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  14486509000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                35725                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  26846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                   6070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                   1696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                    676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                    256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                    116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        23667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean    96.593569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.691720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   103.368758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20044     84.69%     84.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2064      8.72%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383          377      1.59%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511          203      0.86%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639          917      3.87%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767           55      0.23%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        23667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1091767250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             1761611000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 178625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    30560.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               49310.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                      157.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                   157.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                      0.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   12055                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                33.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                    405409.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   33.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                77626080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                41255445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              122229660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        951462720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy           431309310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy            31570560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4030191270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy      607136160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy       776647875                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy            7069751010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           487.916465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime         13459877750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32553000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF    402990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3041666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1581046750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    593356500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8838062250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                91377720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                48560820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              132846840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        977892240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy           472476420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy            35005920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4195793940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy      592461600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy       668190090                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy            7214692530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           497.919555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime         13360987500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29656500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF    414110000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2618023000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1542908000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    683393000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9201584000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2300096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           2300096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5          320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total            320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        35939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              35939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5    158740350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total            158740350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5        22085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               22085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5    158762435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total           158762435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      35939                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    35939                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                       5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               2300096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                2300096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                 320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             2367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             2101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             2056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             2114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             2104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             2333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             2104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             2329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            2193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            2154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            2243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            2749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            2456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            2479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  14486972000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                35939                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                   5                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  26861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                   6084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                   1798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                    718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                    298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                    115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                     44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        23818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean    96.561592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.657143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   103.609755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20179     84.72%     84.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2081      8.74%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383          363      1.52%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511          211      0.89%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639          926      3.89%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      0.20%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        23818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1066150250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             1740006500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 179695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    29665.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               48415.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                      158.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                   158.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                      0.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   12119                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                33.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                    403042.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   33.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                78554280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                41745000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              123036480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        950233440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy           433124760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy            31397280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4024991730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy      614643360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy       771665520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy            7069763160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           487.917304                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime         13457404500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31908000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF    402464000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3029883250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1600579500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    597748500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8827091250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                91520520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                48644310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              133567980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        968058000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy           471584370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy            33361920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4224423330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy      565443360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy       662669550                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy            7199407020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           496.864631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime         13368227250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25842500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF    409854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2631728000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1472503250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    685413750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9264333000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2304896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           2304896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6          320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total            320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        36014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              36014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6    159071620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total            159071620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6        22085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total               22085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6    159093705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total           159093705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      36014                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    36014                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                       5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               2304896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                2304896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                 320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             2120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             2114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             2329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             2240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             2298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            2203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            2167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            2263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            2746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            2470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            2493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  14486773500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                36014                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                   5                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  26811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                   6229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                   1743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                    694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                    312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                    129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        24048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    95.832335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.211570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   103.023142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20525     85.35%     85.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1975      8.21%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383          362      1.51%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511          205      0.85%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639          927      3.85%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767           44      0.18%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        24048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1069954000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             1745216500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 180070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    29709.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               48459.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                      159.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                   159.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                      0.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   11963                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                33.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                    402198.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   33.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                79511040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                42249735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              123422040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        949618800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy           434865540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy            31153440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4015399770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy      631251360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy       763302750                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy            7070902935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           487.995965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime         13454723750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31138000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF    402174000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3005022000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1643835500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    601600750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8805904250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                92213100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                49012425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              133717920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        968058000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy           472512330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy            33790560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4156727850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy      609939840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy       671970315                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy            7188188460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           496.090386                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime         13364671000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27204500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF    409872000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2660908500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1588443500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    687769500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9115476500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2297600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           2297600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        35900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              35900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7    158568089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total            158568089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7        35336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               35336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7    158603425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total           158603425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      35900                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    35900                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               2297600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                2297600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             2376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             2108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             2065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             2120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             2078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             2307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            2203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            2752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            2469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            2450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  14488657000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                35900                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  26926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                   6086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                   1721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                    686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                    292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                    114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        23793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean    96.550078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.725053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   103.217994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20113     84.53%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2128      8.94%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383          389      1.63%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511          168      0.71%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639          929      3.90%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      0.24%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        23793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1064537000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             1737662000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 179500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    29652.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               48402.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                      158.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                   158.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                      0.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   12103                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                33.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                    403493.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   33.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                78425760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                41680485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              123136440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        942243120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy           431739660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy            30315360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4033778850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy      576402240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy       791154525                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy            7048909020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           486.478062                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime         13463388250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28971500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF    399060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3116799750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1500949250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    597552500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8846341500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                91484820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                48613950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              133189560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        961911600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy           469691400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy            33101280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4156410360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy      580648320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy       693406185                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy            7168574475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           494.736733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime         13367505500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25083500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF    407290000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2746144750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1512116500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    683789000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9115250750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                103                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                       22442013                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                   3357856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                     5812008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses             5740079                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                72480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                     34438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts       465547                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                    5740079                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                       72480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads          11470497                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes          4926935                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads             122615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes             62397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads            3201217                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes           2521595                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                     1325032                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                    963782                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                   361250                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             5062604.392256                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             17379408.607744                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.774414                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.225586                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                          534110                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               22447      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                 4362927     75.07%     75.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                  12811      0.22%     75.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   36971      0.64%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                 51820      0.89%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                 948751     16.32%     93.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                359421      6.18%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead             15031      0.26%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                  5812008                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu01.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                109                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                       24451001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   3681868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                     6326651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses             6254679                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                72526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                     34476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts       503642                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                    6254679                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                       72526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads          12480560                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes          5365293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads             122697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes             62439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            3411045                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           2711710                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     1515341                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                   1116111                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                   399230                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             3820742.885481                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             20630258.114519                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.843739                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.156261                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                          572383                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass               22454      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                 4687205     74.09%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                  12817      0.20%     74.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   36978      0.58%     75.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                 51856      0.82%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                1101076     17.40%     93.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                397401      6.28%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead             15035      0.24%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                  6326651                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu02.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                127                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                       28979349                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                   4558877                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                     7707528                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses             7635427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                72664                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                     34590                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts       604322                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                    7635427                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                       72664                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          15199168                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes          6544525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads             122943                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes             62565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            3965543                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           3214351                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     2032410                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   1532527                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                   499883                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             28979348.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                          673279                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass               22475      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                 5550845     72.02%     72.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  12835      0.17%     72.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   36999      0.48%     72.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                 51964      0.67%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     73.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                1517480     19.69%     93.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                498054      6.46%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead             15047      0.20%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                  7707528                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu03.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                       20291889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                   3028983                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                     5288613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses             5216728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts       426672                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                    5216728                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          10443508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes          4481379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            2987175                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           2327437                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     1131809                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                    809463                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                   322346                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             6083124.021880                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             14208764.978120                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.700219                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.299781                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                          495207                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                 4032813     76.25%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  12804      0.24%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.70%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.98%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                 794436     15.02%     93.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                320517      6.06%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.28%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                  5288613                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu04.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                115                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                       28754986                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   4144652                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                     7079460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses             7007445                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                72572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                     34514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       561617                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                    7007445                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                       72572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          13947321                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes          6002061                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads             122779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes             62481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            3730143                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           3001361                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     1785098                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   1327871                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                   457227                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             222625.945841                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             28532360.054159                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.992258                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.007742                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                          630395                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               22461      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                 5170201     73.03%     73.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  12823      0.18%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   36985      0.52%     74.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                 51892      0.73%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                1312832     18.54%     93.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                455398      6.43%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead             15039      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                  7079460                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu05.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                121                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                       26724758                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   4233273                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     7190028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             7117970                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                72618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                     34552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       565974                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    7117970                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                       72618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          14183333                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          6103816                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads             122861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes             62523                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            3754393                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           3022832                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     1841023                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                   1379512                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   461511                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             2079184.004902                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             24645573.995098                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.922200                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.077800                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          634892                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass               22468      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 5224788     72.67%     72.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  12829      0.18%     73.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   36992      0.51%     73.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                 51928      0.72%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                1364469     18.98%     93.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                459682      6.39%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead             15043      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  7190028                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu06.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                121                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                       28752632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   4340467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     7375134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             7303076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                72618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                     34552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       581557                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    7303076                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                       72618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          14537383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          6257758                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads             122861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes             62523                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            3840090                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           3100762                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     1902122                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   1425011                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   477111                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             224943.304496                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             28527688.695504                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.992177                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.007823                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                          650456                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass               22468      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 5348795     72.52%     72.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  12829      0.17%     73.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   36992      0.50%     73.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                 51928      0.70%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                1409968     19.12%     93.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                475282      6.44%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead             15043      0.20%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                  7375134                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu07.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                       11658322                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   2610271                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     4610708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             4538823                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       374837                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    4538823                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads           9120519                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          3907144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            2702147                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           2068099                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                      887061                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                    616700                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   270361                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             6968207.261870                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             4690114.738130                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.402298                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.597702                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                          443516                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 3599662     78.07%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.28%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.80%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.12%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 601673     13.05%     93.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                268532      5.82%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.33%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                  4610708                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu08.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                       20344770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   2847627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     5017488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             4945603                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       408723                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    4945603                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads           9900691                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          4246156                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            2888436                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           2237689                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     1022931                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                    718520                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   304411                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             6061851.970187                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             14282918.029813                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.702044                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.297956                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                          477234                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 3870572     77.14%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.26%     77.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.74%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.03%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                 703493     14.02%     93.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                302582      6.03%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.30%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                  5017488                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu09.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                103                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                       22371492                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   3364655                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     5822972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             5751043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                72480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                     34438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       466380                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    5751043                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                       72480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          11491752                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes          4936233                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads             122615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes             62397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            3205829                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           2525699                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     1328928                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                    966906                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   362022                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             5101136.676576                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             17270355.323424                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.771980                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.228020                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                          535004                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass               22447      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                 4369995     75.05%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  12811      0.22%     75.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   36971      0.63%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                 51820      0.89%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                 951875     16.35%     93.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                360193      6.19%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead             15031      0.26%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                  5822972                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                109                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                       24572945                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   3694645                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     6347383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             6275411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                72526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                     34476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       505233                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    6275411                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                       72526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads          12521137                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          5382843                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads             122697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes             62439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            3419766                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           2719724                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     1522877                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                   1121997                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   400880                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             3736395.982582                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             20836549.017418                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.847947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.152053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                          573915                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass               22454      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 4700401     74.05%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  12817      0.20%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   36978      0.58%     75.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                 51856      0.82%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                1106962     17.44%     93.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                399051      6.29%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead             15035      0.24%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                  6347383                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                115                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                       26521939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   4019427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     6864316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             6792301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                72572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                     34514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts       543632                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    6792301                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                       72572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          13535162                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          5822883                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads             122779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes             62481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            3631240                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           2911411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     1713566                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   1274350                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   439216                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             2249024.923456                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             24272914.076544                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.915201                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.084799                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                          612440                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass               22461      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 5026589     73.23%     73.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  12823      0.19%     73.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   36985      0.54%     74.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                 51892      0.76%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                1259311     18.35%     93.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                437387      6.37%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead             15039      0.22%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                  6864316                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                       20345594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   3020377                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     5274907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             5203022                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       425652                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    5203022                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          10416638                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          4469713                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            2981563                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           2322341                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     1126757                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                    805427                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   321330                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             6061518.978706                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             14284075.021294                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.702072                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.297928                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                          494183                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                 4024159     76.29%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  12804      0.24%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.70%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.98%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 790400     14.98%     93.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                319501      6.06%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.28%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                  5274907                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                       18193609                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   2723914                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                     4805413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses             4733528                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts       391050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                    4733528                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads           9494190                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          4069425                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            2791239                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           2149319                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                      952226                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                    665495                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                   286731                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             6771426.658291                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             11422182.341709                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.627813                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.372187                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                          459570                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                 3729202     77.60%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.27%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.77%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.08%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                 650468     13.54%     93.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                284902      5.93%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.31%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                  4805413                       # Class of executed instruction
system.fpga0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.fpga0.clk_domain.clock                    3333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.fpga0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.numCycles                        4220573                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.fpga0.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.fpga0.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.fpga1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.fpga1.clk_domain.clock                    3333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.fpga1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.numCycles                        3885408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.fpga1.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.fpga1.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.piobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.piobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              810339                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             810339                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                470                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               470                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        93926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        93926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       131972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       131972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       232188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       232188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        55252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        55252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       189758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       189758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       194028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       194028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       209592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       209592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port         3592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        37310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        37310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        94820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        94820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       133504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       133504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       171802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       171802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        54228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        54228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        19646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        19646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count::total                1621618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       375704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       375704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       527888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       527888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       928752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       928752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       221008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       221008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       759032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       759032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       776112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       776112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       838368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       838368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        14368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       149240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       149240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       379280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       379280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       534016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       534016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       687208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       687208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       216912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       216912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        78584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        78584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size::total                 6486472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.reqLayer0.occupancy           664765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.reqLayer1.occupancy           437770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer2.occupancy           97670500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer2.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer4.occupancy          136977000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer4.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer6.occupancy          238761000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer6.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer8.occupancy           57450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer8.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer10.occupancy         201276500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer10.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer12.occupancy         199962000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer12.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer14.occupancy         217713000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer14.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer16.occupancy           3567500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer18.occupancy          41237500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer18.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer20.occupancy          99493500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer20.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer22.occupancy         139047000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer22.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer24.occupancy         179722000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer24.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer26.occupancy          56350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer26.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer28.occupancy          21680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer28.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                5435656                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 13.737170                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                12.064469                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 7.523265                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |      771711     14.20%     14.20% |     3404212     62.63%     76.82% |      411134      7.56%     84.39% |      621557     11.43%     95.82% |      226939      4.18%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  5435656                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     85523406                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000116                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000080                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.010773                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    85513480     99.99%     99.99% |        9926      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     85523406                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       85523406                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.629657                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.448685                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        13.316624                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    85511477     99.99%     99.99% |        5164      0.01%     99.99% |        4653      0.01%    100.00% |         199      0.00%    100.00% |        1902      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         85523406                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84471949                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.706390                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.386000                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.272864                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    64581896     76.45%     76.45% |           0      0.00%     76.45% |           0      0.00%     76.45% |    19890053     23.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     84471949                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1051457                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    76.803028                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.620563                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    93.399905                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1039528     98.87%     98.87% |        5164      0.49%     99.36% |        4653      0.44%     99.80% |         199      0.02%     99.82% |        1902      0.18%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1051457                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1216450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62328                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1278778                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      4487021                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         1692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4488713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1369449                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80615                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1450064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4904940                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses         2513                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4907453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1375164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        81670                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1456834                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits      4922892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses         1681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4924573                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1527183                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses       101191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1628374                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits      5343862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses         1685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5345547                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1057976                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1100352                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits      4049428                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses         1684                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4051112                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits       918173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24939                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       943112                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits      3667251                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses         1694                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3668945                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits         7511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses          889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits         7511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses          889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1785286                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses       131739                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1917025                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      6025923                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         2519                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6028442                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1062524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42368                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1104892                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4060562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses         1690                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4062252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1580686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses       110242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1690928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits      5522491                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses         2519                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5525010                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1632337                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses       112381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1744718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits      5605318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses         1686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5607004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1678488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses       119547                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1798035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits      5759927                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses         1683                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5761610                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits       868677                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17297                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       885974                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits      3504685                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses         1692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3506377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits       970828                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1004985                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits      3844040                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses         1681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3845721                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1219496                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62731                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1282227                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits      4495870                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses         1679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4497549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        47500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        18041                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        65541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        47488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        17886                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        65374                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        47653                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        18008                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        65661                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        48148                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        18008                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        66156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        47871                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        18128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        65999                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        47897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        18203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        66100                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        50323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        18178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        68501                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        46959                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        18038                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        64997                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        17840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        65345                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        47556                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        17961                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        65517                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47565                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        17807                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        65372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        47114                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        17988                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        65102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        18046                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        65336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        18072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        65642                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47541                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        18191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        65732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        47301                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        17781                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        65082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2412649                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2412649                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2432936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2412649                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2412649                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3558456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3558456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3614178                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3558456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3558456                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3863212                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3863212                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3918723                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3863212                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3863212                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1984475                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1984475                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2004226                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1984475                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1984475                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3354757                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3354757                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3385046                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3354757                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3354757                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3294035                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3294035                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3341059                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3294035                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3294035                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3561544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3561544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3604500                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3561544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3561544                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2548806                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2548806                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2580459                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2548806                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2548806                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2723931                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2723931                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2760107                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2723931                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2723931                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3793525                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3793525                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3852075                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3793525                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3793525                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4557557                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4557557                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity      4638377                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity      4557557                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4557557                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      3560825                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      3560825                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3599178                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3560825                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      3560825                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      1935141                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      1935141                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1947496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1935141                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      1935141                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      2837749                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      2837749                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2867995                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2837749                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      2837749                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4005095                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4005095                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity      4065542                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity      4005095                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4005095                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2979993                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2979993                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3003013                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2979993                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2979993                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |     2345313     40.99%     40.99% |     2348748     41.05%     82.03% |     1028246     17.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total      5722307                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |     2345313     40.99%     40.99% |     2348748     41.05%     82.03% |     1028246     17.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total      5722307                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |    38441166                       |    28221305                       |     9436586                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |     5698107                       |     3129038                       |     1028246                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |   16.390634                       |   12.015467                       |    9.177362                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |    2.429572                       |    1.332215                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    13.298667                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency     1.722276                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency    15.020943                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5734541     39.64%     39.64% |     7704464     53.25%     92.89% |     1028246      7.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     14467251                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5734541     39.64%     39.64% |     7704464     53.25%     92.89% |     1028246      7.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     14467251                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |    95125694                       |    85070107                       |     9436586                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |    12476563                       |    11559026                       |     1028246                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |   16.588197                       |   11.041665                       |    9.177362                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |    2.175686                       |    1.500302                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    13.107700                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency     1.732453                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency    14.840153                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization     14467251                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization     14467251                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization     36504499                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     2.258125                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.578508     25.62%     25.62% |    0.206805      9.16%     34.78% |    0.056831      2.52%     37.29% |    0.056958      2.52%     39.82% |    0.946123     41.90%     81.71% |    0.117518      5.20%     86.92% |    0.067418      2.99%     89.90% |    0.066235      2.93%     92.84% |    0.133626      5.92%     98.76% |    0.010355      0.46%     99.21% |    0.008877      0.39%     99.61% |    0.008870      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       2.258125                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             2.523251                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14489674500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3084232                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        15.048634                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       12.630242                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        9.216881                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      529990     17.18%     17.18% |     1657603     53.74%     70.93% |       49288      1.60%     72.53% |      620313     20.11%     92.64% |      226935      7.36%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3084232                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2348495                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        12.021133                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       11.365067                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.767377                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      240875     10.26%     10.26% |      882980     37.60%     47.85% |      861576     36.69%     84.54% |      328657     13.99%     98.53% |       33159      1.41%     99.95% |        1183      0.05%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2348495                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          2929                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         8.699215                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.299676                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.610143                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         198      6.76%      6.76% |         648     22.12%     28.88% |         912     31.14%     60.02% |         707     24.14%     84.16% |         329     11.23%     95.39% |         105      3.58%     98.98% |          26      0.89%     99.86% |           4      0.14%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            2929                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12966687                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.552202                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.724618                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     25.466459                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    12960627     99.95%     99.95% |        2550      0.02%     99.97% |        1867      0.01%     99.99% |         181      0.00%     99.99% |        1452      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      12966687                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12089923                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.681293                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.370019                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.256869                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9344329     77.29%     77.29% |           0      0.00%     77.29% |           0      0.00%     77.29% |     2745594     22.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12089923                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       876764                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    58.929154                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.224510                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    80.708976                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      870704     99.31%     99.31% |        2550      0.29%     99.60% |        1867      0.21%     99.81% |         181      0.02%     99.83% |        1452      0.17%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       876764                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5372615                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.115652                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.515321                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     31.365215                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     5367665     99.91%     99.91% |        2158      0.04%     99.95% |        2463      0.05%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |         320      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       5372615                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5225922                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.623032                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.333626                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.216933                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4140617     79.23%     79.23% |           0      0.00%     79.23% |           0      0.00%     79.23% |     1085305     20.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5225922                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       146693                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   166.164766                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   143.426784                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    98.200085                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      141743     96.63%     96.63% |        2158      1.47%     98.10% |        2463      1.68%     99.78% |           8      0.01%     99.78% |         320      0.22%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       146693                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     66220308                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.792050                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.401550                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.202020                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    66199671     99.97%     99.97% |       19809      0.03%    100.00% |         283      0.00%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     66220308                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     66194210                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.726650                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.399036                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.285274                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50160873     75.78%     75.78% |           0      0.00%     75.78% |           0      0.00%     75.78% |    16033337     24.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     66194210                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        26098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   167.672197                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   133.146287                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   114.393259                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5461     20.92%     20.92% |       19809     75.90%     96.83% |         283      1.08%     97.91% |         120      0.46%     98.37% |         166      0.64%     99.01% |         120      0.46%     99.47% |          10      0.04%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |           1      0.00%     99.51% |         128      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        26098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       963796                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.428049                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.048081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.999588                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      962216     99.84%     99.84% |        1489      0.15%     99.99% |          36      0.00%     99.99% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       963796                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       961894                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.080519                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.037909                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.484845                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      936077     97.32%     97.32% |           0      0.00%     97.32% |           0      0.00%     97.32% |       25817      2.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       961894                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1902                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   177.183491                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   145.370070                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    99.882164                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         322     16.93%     16.93% |        1489     78.29%     95.22% |          36      1.89%     97.11% |          17      0.89%     98.00% |          15      0.79%     98.79% |          22      1.16%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1902                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       36022     12.58%     12.58% |       35457     12.38%     24.96% |       35610     12.43%     37.39% |       35731     12.48%     49.87% |       35725     12.47%     62.34% |       35939     12.55%     74.89% |       36014     12.57%     87.46% |       35900     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286398                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           8     16.00%     16.00% |           8     16.00%     32.00% |           3      6.00%     38.00% |           5     10.00%     48.00% |           8     16.00%     64.00% |           5     10.00%     74.00% |           5     10.00%     84.00% |           8     16.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       36022     12.58%     12.58% |       35457     12.38%     24.96% |       35610     12.43%     37.39% |       35731     12.48%     49.87% |       35725     12.47%     62.34% |       35939     12.55%     74.89% |       36014     12.57%     87.46% |       35900     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       286398                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |           8     16.00%     16.00% |           8     16.00%     32.00% |           3      6.00%     38.00% |           5     10.00%     48.00% |           8     16.00%     64.00% |           5     10.00%     74.00% |           5     10.00%     84.00% |           8     16.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |          29     14.29%     14.29% |          22     10.84%     25.12% |          27     13.30%     38.42% |          21     10.34%     48.77% |          23     11.33%     60.10% |          21     10.34%     70.44% |          34     16.75%     87.19% |          26     12.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       36022     12.58%     12.58% |       35457     12.38%     24.96% |       35610     12.43%     37.39% |       35731     12.48%     49.87% |       35725     12.47%     62.34% |       35939     12.55%     74.89% |       36014     12.57%     87.46% |       35900     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286398                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |           8     16.00%     16.00% |           8     16.00%     32.00% |           3      6.00%     38.00% |           5     10.00%     48.00% |           8     16.00%     64.00% |           5     10.00%     74.00% |           5     10.00%     84.00% |           8     16.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |          29     14.29%     14.29% |          22     10.84%     25.12% |          27     13.30%     38.42% |          21     10.34%     48.77% |          23     11.33%     60.10% |          21     10.34%     70.44% |          34     16.75%     87.19% |          26     12.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       36022     12.58%     12.58% |       35457     12.38%     24.96% |       35610     12.43%     37.39% |       35731     12.48%     49.87% |       35725     12.47%     62.34% |       35939     12.55%     74.89% |       36014     12.57%     87.46% |       35900     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286398                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |           8     16.00%     16.00% |           8     16.00%     32.00% |           3      6.00%     38.00% |           5     10.00%     48.00% |           8     16.00%     64.00% |           5     10.00%     74.00% |           5     10.00%     84.00% |           8     16.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      859506      6.63%      6.63% |      973898      7.51%     14.14% |     1290107      9.95%     24.09% |      743901      5.74%     29.83% |     1127842      8.70%     38.52% |        4200      0.03%     38.56% |        4200      0.03%     38.59% |     1175282      9.06%     47.65% |     1205199      9.29%     56.95% |      602951      4.65%     61.60% |      670887      5.17%     66.77% |      861797      6.65%     73.42% |      978193      7.54%     80.96% |     1092305      8.42%     89.38% |      740885      5.71%     95.10% |      635534      4.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     12966687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4488714      6.78%      6.78% |     4907454      7.41%     14.19% |     6028443      9.10%     23.29% |     4062253      6.13%     29.43% |     5525011      8.34%     37.77% |           0      0.00%     37.77% |           0      0.00%     37.77% |     5607005      8.47%     46.24% |     5761611      8.70%     54.94% |     3506378      5.30%     60.23% |     3845722      5.81%     66.04% |     4497550      6.79%     72.83% |     4924574      7.44%     80.27% |     5345548      8.07%     88.34% |     4051113      6.12%     94.46% |     3668946      5.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     66220322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      419272      6.62%      6.62% |      476166      7.51%     14.13% |      626918      9.89%     24.03% |      360991      5.70%     29.72% |      563086      8.89%     38.61% |        4200      0.07%     38.68% |        4200      0.07%     38.74% |      569436      8.99%     47.73% |      592836      9.36%     57.08% |      283023      4.47%     61.55% |      334098      5.27%     66.82% |      420430      6.64%     73.46% |      478641      7.55%     81.01% |      536069      8.46%     89.47% |      359467      5.67%     95.15% |      307578      4.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6336411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          51      4.43%      4.43% |          52      4.52%      8.95% |          52      4.52%     13.47% |          51      4.43%     17.90% |          51      4.43%     22.33% |         189     16.42%     38.75% |         189     16.42%     55.17% |          52      4.52%     59.69% |          70      6.08%     65.77% |          51      4.43%     70.20% |          71      6.17%     76.37% |          54      4.69%     81.06% |          50      4.34%     85.40% |          50      4.34%     89.75% |          53      4.60%     94.35% |          65      5.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       62479      6.08%      6.08% |       81588      7.93%     14.01% |      132718     12.90%     26.91% |       42519      4.13%     31.05% |      111223     10.81%     41.86% |         153      0.01%     41.88% |         153      0.01%     41.89% |      112529     10.94%     52.83% |      119692     11.64%     64.47% |       17448      1.70%     66.17% |       34299      3.34%     69.50% |       62869      6.11%     75.62% |       81812      7.96%     83.57% |      101336      9.85%     93.43% |       42520      4.13%     97.56% |       25093      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1028431                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          52      2.92%      2.92% |          52      2.92%      5.85% |          52      2.92%      8.77% |          52      2.92%     11.70% |          52      2.92%     14.62% |         525     29.53%     44.15% |         525     29.53%     73.68% |          52      2.92%     76.60% |          52      2.92%     79.53% |          52      2.92%     82.45% |          52      2.92%     85.38% |          52      2.92%     88.30% |          52      2.92%     91.23% |          52      2.92%     94.15% |          52      2.92%     97.08% |          52      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          22      6.96%      6.96% |          23      7.28%     14.24% |          23      7.28%     21.52% |          19      6.01%     27.53% |          23      7.28%     34.81% |           0      0.00%     34.81% |           0      0.00%     34.81% |          23      7.28%     42.09% |          24      7.59%     49.68% |          23      7.28%     56.96% |          23      7.28%     64.24% |          22      6.96%     71.20% |          22      6.96%     78.16% |          23      7.28%     85.44% |          23      7.28%     92.72% |          23      7.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       51476      5.88%      5.88% |       70059      8.01%     13.89% |      128162     14.65%     28.54% |       31974      3.65%     32.19% |       89848     10.27%     42.46% |           0      0.00%     42.46% |           0      0.00%     42.46% |      108825     12.44%     54.90% |      108059     12.35%     67.25% |       13883      1.59%     68.84% |       14165      1.62%     70.46% |       51855      5.93%     76.38% |       70857      8.10%     84.48% |       90027     10.29%     94.77% |       31940      3.65%     98.42% |       13814      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       874944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          75      4.22%      4.22% |          75      4.22%      8.44% |          75      4.22%     12.65% |          75      4.22%     16.87% |          75      4.22%     21.09% |         364     20.47%     41.56% |         364     20.47%     62.04% |          75      4.22%     66.25% |          75      4.22%     70.47% |          75      4.22%     74.69% |          75      4.22%     78.91% |          75      4.22%     83.13% |          75      4.22%     87.35% |          75      4.22%     91.56% |          75      4.22%     95.78% |          75      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       12443      7.16%      7.16% |       12968      7.47%     14.63% |        5994      3.45%     18.08% |       11986      6.90%     24.99% |       22811     13.14%     38.12% |         175      0.10%     38.22% |         175      0.10%     38.32% |        5140      2.96%     41.28% |       13069      7.53%     48.81% |        5004      2.88%     51.69% |       21571     12.42%     64.11% |       12454      7.17%     71.28% |       12393      7.14%     78.42% |       12747      7.34%     85.76% |       12018      6.92%     92.68% |       12717      7.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       173665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           5      0.66%      0.66% |           4      0.52%      1.18% |           4      0.52%      1.71% |           8      1.05%      2.76% |           4      0.52%      3.28% |         350     45.93%     49.21% |         350     45.93%     95.14% |           4      0.52%     95.67% |           3      0.39%     96.06% |           4      0.52%     96.59% |           4      0.52%     97.11% |           5      0.66%     97.77% |           5      0.66%     98.43% |           4      0.52%     98.95% |           4      0.52%     99.48% |           4      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          26      2.43%      2.43% |          26      2.43%      4.86% |          27      2.52%      7.38% |          23      2.15%      9.53% |          27      2.52%     12.06% |         350     32.71%     44.77% |         350     32.71%     77.48% |          27      2.52%     80.00% |          27      2.52%     82.52% |          27      2.52%     85.05% |          27      2.52%     87.57% |          26      2.43%     90.00% |          26      2.43%     92.43% |          27      2.52%     94.95% |          27      2.52%     97.48% |          27      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         1070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       61174      6.07%      6.07% |       79462      7.89%     13.96% |      130593     12.96%     26.92% |       41215      4.09%     31.01% |      109089     10.83%     41.84% |           0      0.00%     41.84% |           0      0.00%     41.84% |      111232     11.04%     52.88% |      118394     11.75%     64.63% |       16153      1.60%     66.24% |       33004      3.28%     69.51% |       61578      6.11%     75.63% |       80517      7.99%     83.62% |      100038      9.93%     93.55% |       41223      4.09%     97.64% |       23786      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1007458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       51552      5.88%      5.88% |       70136      8.00%     13.89% |      128239     14.63%     28.52% |       32050      3.66%     32.18% |       89925     10.26%     42.44% |         182      0.02%     42.46% |         182      0.02%     42.48% |      108903     12.43%     54.90% |      108137     12.34%     67.24% |       13959      1.59%     68.84% |       14243      1.63%     70.46% |       51931      5.93%     76.39% |       70935      8.09%     84.48% |       90103     10.28%     94.76% |       32016      3.65%     98.42% |       13890      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       876383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        1692      6.48%      6.48% |        2513      9.63%     16.11% |        2519      9.65%     25.76% |        1690      6.48%     32.24% |        2519      9.65%     41.89% |           0      0.00%     41.89% |           0      0.00%     41.89% |        1686      6.46%     48.35% |        1683      6.45%     54.80% |        1692      6.48%     61.28% |        1681      6.44%     67.73% |        1679      6.43%     74.16% |        1681      6.44%     80.60% |        1685      6.46%     87.06% |        1684      6.45%     93.51% |        1694      6.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        26098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       10770      7.28%      7.28% |       10475      7.09%     14.37% |        3495      2.36%     16.73% |       10312      6.98%     23.71% |       20312     13.74%     37.45% |         175      0.12%     37.57% |         175      0.12%     37.69% |        3474      2.35%     40.03% |       11407      7.72%     47.75% |        3332      2.25%     50.00% |       19910     13.47%     63.47% |       10794      7.30%     70.77% |       10731      7.26%     78.03% |       11082      7.50%     85.53% |       10354      7.00%     92.53% |       11043      7.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       147841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |          49      6.61%      6.61% |          50      6.75%     13.36% |          51      6.88%     20.24% |          49      6.61%     26.86% |          50      6.75%     33.60% |           1      0.13%     33.74% |           0      0.00%     33.74% |          49      6.61%     40.35% |          67      9.04%     49.39% |          49      6.61%     56.01% |          65      8.77%     64.78% |          51      6.88%     71.66% |          48      6.48%     78.14% |          48      6.48%     84.62% |          51      6.88%     91.50% |          63      8.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           2      0.52%      0.52% |           1      0.26%      0.79% |           1      0.26%      1.05% |           2      0.52%      1.57% |           1      0.26%      1.84% |         182     47.77%     49.61% |         182     47.77%     97.38% |           0      0.00%     97.38% |           0      0.00%     97.38% |           2      0.52%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           2      0.52%     98.43% |           0      0.00%     98.43% |           2      0.52%     98.95% |           2      0.52%     99.48% |           2      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           3     23.08%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           2     15.38%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2     15.38%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         522      3.48%      3.48% |         522      3.48%      6.97% |         522      3.48%     10.45% |         522      3.48%     13.94% |         522      3.48%     17.42% |        3836     25.61%     43.03% |        3836     25.61%     68.64% |         522      3.48%     72.12% |         522      3.48%     75.61% |         522      3.48%     79.09% |         522      3.48%     82.58% |         522      3.48%     86.06% |         522      3.48%     89.55% |         522      3.48%     93.03% |         522      3.48%     96.52% |         522      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        14980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4487021      6.78%      6.78% |     4904940      7.41%     14.19% |     6025923      9.10%     23.29% |     4060562      6.13%     29.43% |     5522491      8.34%     37.77% |           0      0.00%     37.77% |           0      0.00%     37.77% |     5605318      8.47%     46.24% |     5759927      8.70%     54.94% |     3504685      5.29%     60.23% |     3844040      5.81%     66.04% |     4495870      6.79%     72.83% |     4922892      7.44%     80.27% |     5343862      8.07%     88.34% |     4049428      6.12%     94.46% |     3667251      5.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     66194210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           3      0.40%      0.93% |           4      0.53%      1.46% |           4      0.53%      1.99% |           4      0.53%      2.52% |         350     46.42%     48.94% |         350     46.42%     95.36% |           4      0.53%     95.89% |           3      0.40%     96.29% |           4      0.53%     96.82% |           4      0.53%     97.35% |           4      0.53%     97.88% |           4      0.53%     98.41% |           4      0.53%     98.94% |           4      0.53%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           2      0.49%      0.49% |           2      0.49%      0.98% |           1      0.24%      1.22% |           2      0.49%      1.71% |           1      0.24%      1.95% |         188     45.85%     47.80% |         189     46.10%     93.90% |           3      0.73%     94.63% |           3      0.73%     95.37% |           2      0.49%     95.85% |           6      1.46%     97.32% |           3      0.73%     98.05% |           2      0.49%     98.54% |           2      0.49%     99.02% |           2      0.49%     99.51% |           2      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total          410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        1305      6.23%      6.23% |        2126     10.14%     16.37% |        2125     10.14%     26.51% |        1304      6.22%     32.73% |        2134     10.18%     42.91% |         151      0.72%     43.63% |         150      0.72%     44.35% |        1295      6.18%     50.52% |        1296      6.18%     56.71% |        1295      6.18%     62.89% |        1293      6.17%     69.06% |        1291      6.16%     75.21% |        1293      6.17%     81.38% |        1298      6.19%     87.58% |        1297      6.19%     93.76% |        1307      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        20960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      279237      7.04%      7.04% |      282940      7.13%     14.17% |      289142      7.29%     21.47% |      287934      7.26%     28.73% |      288946      7.29%     36.01% |           0      0.00%     36.01% |           0      0.00%     36.01% |      288867      7.28%     43.29% |      275415      6.94%     50.24% |      288644      7.28%     57.52% |      259102      6.53%     64.05% |      288377      7.27%     71.32% |      281705      7.10%     78.42% |      288861      7.28%     85.71% |      282179      7.11%     92.82% |      284660      7.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3966009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       39877      5.60%      5.60% |       58528      8.22%     13.82% |      116400     16.34%     30.16% |       20388      2.86%     33.02% |       78137     10.97%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |       97194     13.65%     57.64% |       96437     13.54%     71.19% |        2327      0.33%     71.51% |        2395      0.34%     71.85% |       40227      5.65%     77.50% |       59257      8.32%     85.82% |       78338     11.00%     96.82% |       20339      2.86%     99.67% |        2327      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       712171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       11411      7.13%      7.13% |       11344      7.08%     14.21% |       11572      7.23%     21.43% |       11399      7.12%     28.55% |       11527      7.20%     35.75% |           0      0.00%     35.75% |           0      0.00%     35.75% |       11445      7.15%     42.90% |       11433      7.14%     50.03% |       11364      7.10%     57.13% |       11585      7.23%     64.36% |       11441      7.14%     71.51% |       11415      7.13%     78.64% |       11502      7.18%     85.82% |       11412      7.13%     92.94% |       11301      7.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       160151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      528193      6.51%      6.51% |      620299      7.65%     14.16% |      872203     10.76%     24.92% |      423393      5.22%     30.14% |      748448      9.23%     39.37% |           0      0.00%     39.37% |           0      0.00%     39.37% |      776990      9.58%     48.95% |      821125     10.13%     59.08% |      299824      3.70%     62.78% |      397020      4.90%     67.67% |      520965      6.42%     74.10% |      625031      7.71%     81.80% |      712817      8.79%     90.60% |      426166      5.26%     95.85% |      336460      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      8108934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      368621      6.73%      6.73% |      407160      7.44%     14.17% |      507019      9.26%     23.43% |      330287      6.03%     29.46% |      464633      8.49%     37.94% |        3675      0.07%     38.01% |        3675      0.07%     38.08% |      468764      8.56%     46.64% |      484989      8.86%     55.50% |      277360      5.07%     60.56% |      311789      5.69%     66.26% |      369405      6.75%     73.00% |      408649      7.46%     80.47% |      446645      8.16%     88.62% |      328770      6.00%     94.63% |      294204      5.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5475645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       49763      5.87%      5.87% |       68118      8.04%     13.91% |      119021     14.05%     27.96% |       29816      3.52%     31.48% |       97562     11.51%     42.99% |           0      0.00%     42.99% |           0      0.00%     42.99% |       99787     11.78%     54.77% |      106961     12.62%     67.39% |        4789      0.57%     67.96% |       21419      2.53%     70.49% |       50137      5.92%     76.40% |       69102      8.16%     84.56% |       88536     10.45%     95.01% |       29811      3.52%     98.53% |       12485      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       847307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          52      2.92%      2.92% |          52      2.92%      5.85% |          52      2.92%      8.77% |          52      2.92%     11.70% |          52      2.92%     14.62% |         525     29.53%     44.15% |         525     29.53%     73.68% |          52      2.92%     76.60% |          52      2.92%     79.53% |          52      2.92%     82.45% |          52      2.92%     85.38% |          52      2.92%     88.30% |          52      2.92%     91.23% |          52      2.92%     94.15% |          52      2.92%     97.08% |          52      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       51476      5.88%      5.88% |       70059      8.01%     13.89% |      128162     14.65%     28.54% |       31974      3.65%     32.19% |       89848     10.27%     42.46% |           0      0.00%     42.46% |           0      0.00%     42.46% |      108825     12.44%     54.90% |      108059     12.35%     67.25% |       13883      1.59%     68.84% |       14165      1.62%     70.46% |       51855      5.93%     76.38% |       70857      8.10%     84.48% |       90027     10.29%     94.77% |       31940      3.65%     98.42% |       13814      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       874944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          75      4.22%      4.22% |          75      4.22%      8.44% |          75      4.22%     12.65% |          75      4.22%     16.87% |          75      4.22%     21.09% |         364     20.47%     41.56% |         364     20.47%     62.04% |          75      4.22%     66.25% |          75      4.22%     70.47% |          75      4.22%     74.69% |          75      4.22%     78.91% |          75      4.22%     83.13% |          75      4.22%     87.35% |          75      4.22%     91.56% |          75      4.22%     95.78% |          75      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        1695      6.48%      6.48% |        2516      9.63%     16.11% |        2522      9.65%     25.76% |        1693      6.48%     32.23% |        2522      9.65%     41.88% |           0      0.00%     41.88% |           0      0.00%     41.88% |        1689      6.46%     48.34% |        1686      6.45%     54.79% |        1695      6.48%     61.28% |        1684      6.44%     67.72% |        1682      6.43%     74.15% |        1684      6.44%     80.60% |        1688      6.46%     87.05% |        1687      6.45%     93.51% |        1697      6.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        26140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          22      6.96%      6.96% |          23      7.28%     14.24% |          23      7.28%     21.52% |          19      6.01%     27.53% |          23      7.28%     34.81% |           0      0.00%     34.81% |           0      0.00%     34.81% |          23      7.28%     42.09% |          24      7.59%     49.68% |          23      7.28%     56.96% |          23      7.28%     64.24% |          22      6.96%     71.20% |          22      6.96%     78.16% |          23      7.28%     85.44% |          23      7.28%     92.72% |          23      7.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       10748      7.29%      7.29% |       10452      7.08%     14.37% |        3472      2.35%     16.72% |       10293      6.98%     23.70% |       20289     13.75%     37.45% |         175      0.12%     37.57% |         175      0.12%     37.69% |        3451      2.34%     40.03% |       11383      7.72%     47.75% |        3309      2.24%     49.99% |       19887     13.48%     63.47% |       10772      7.30%     70.77% |       10709      7.26%     78.03% |       11059      7.50%     85.53% |       10331      7.00%     92.53% |       11020      7.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       147525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           4     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           3      0.40%      0.93% |           4      0.53%      1.46% |           4      0.53%      1.99% |           4      0.53%      2.52% |         350     46.42%     48.94% |         350     46.42%     95.36% |           4      0.53%     95.89% |           3      0.40%     96.29% |           4      0.53%     96.82% |           4      0.53%     97.35% |           4      0.53%     97.88% |           4      0.53%     98.41% |           4      0.53%     98.94% |           4      0.53%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          26      2.43%      2.43% |          26      2.43%      4.86% |          27      2.52%      7.38% |          23      2.15%      9.53% |          27      2.52%     12.06% |         350     32.71%     44.77% |         350     32.71%     77.48% |          27      2.52%     80.00% |          27      2.52%     82.52% |          27      2.52%     85.05% |          27      2.52%     87.57% |          26      2.43%     90.00% |          26      2.43%     92.43% |          27      2.52%     94.95% |          27      2.52%     97.48% |          27      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         1070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       61174      6.07%      6.07% |       79462      7.89%     13.96% |      130593     12.96%     26.92% |       41215      4.09%     31.01% |      109089     10.83%     41.84% |           0      0.00%     41.84% |           0      0.00%     41.84% |      111232     11.04%     52.88% |      118394     11.75%     64.63% |       16153      1.60%     66.24% |       33004      3.28%     69.51% |       61578      6.11%     75.63% |       80517      7.99%     83.62% |      100038      9.93%     93.55% |       41223      4.09%     97.64% |       23786      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1007458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        1579      6.05%      6.05% |        1492      5.72%     11.77% |        1729      6.63%     18.39% |        1331      5.10%     23.49% |        1729      6.63%     30.12% |        1396      5.35%     35.47% |        1497      5.74%     41.20% |        1404      5.38%     46.58% |        1523      5.84%     52.42% |        1235      4.73%     57.15% |        1431      5.48%     62.63% |        1415      5.42%     68.06% |        1370      5.25%     73.30% |        1451      5.56%     78.86% |        4065     15.58%     94.44% |        1451      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total        26098                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       54715      6.24%      6.24% |       54487      6.21%     12.46% |       54217      6.18%     18.64% |       54927      6.26%     24.90% |       54304      6.19%     31.10% |       54422      6.21%     37.30% |       54588      6.23%     43.53% |       54831      6.25%     49.78% |       54938      6.27%     56.05% |       54561      6.22%     62.27% |       54931      6.27%     68.54% |       55524      6.33%     74.87% |       55431      6.32%     81.19% |       55489      6.33%     87.52% |       55170      6.29%     93.81% |       54229      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       876764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |        9219      6.24%      6.24% |        9367      6.34%     12.57% |        9343      6.32%     18.89% |        9231      6.24%     25.14% |        9311      6.30%     31.43% |        9228      6.24%     37.67% |        9195      6.22%     43.89% |        9351      6.33%     50.22% |        9215      6.23%     56.45% |        9230      6.24%     62.70% |        9231      6.24%     68.94% |        9161      6.20%     75.14% |        9142      6.18%     81.32% |        9104      6.16%     87.48% |        9224      6.24%     93.72% |        9289      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       147841                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |          28      3.71%      3.71% |          28      3.71%      7.43% |          56      7.43%     14.85% |          28      3.71%     18.57% |          28      3.71%     22.28% |          56      7.43%     29.71% |          56      7.43%     37.14% |          56      7.43%     44.56% |          56      7.43%     51.99% |          56      7.43%     59.42% |          68      9.02%     68.44% |          56      7.43%     75.86% |          56      7.43%     83.29% |          56      7.43%     90.72% |          42      5.57%     96.29% |          28      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          754                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       62926      6.25%      6.25% |       62846      6.24%     12.48% |       62512      6.20%     18.69% |       63094      6.26%     24.95% |       62552      6.21%     31.16% |       62532      6.21%     37.37% |       62663      6.22%     43.59% |       63065      6.26%     49.85% |       63033      6.26%     56.10% |       62660      6.22%     62.32% |       63056      6.26%     68.58% |       63565      6.31%     74.89% |       63509      6.30%     81.20% |       63532      6.31%     87.50% |       63400      6.29%     93.79% |       62513      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1007458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           3      6.00%      6.00% |           4      8.00%     14.00% |           2      4.00%     18.00% |           3      6.00%     24.00% |           2      4.00%     28.00% |           1      2.00%     30.00% |           2      4.00%     34.00% |           2      4.00%     38.00% |           5     10.00%     48.00% |           4      8.00%     56.00% |           1      2.00%     58.00% |           2      4.00%     62.00% |           6     12.00%     74.00% |           4      8.00%     82.00% |           3      6.00%     88.00% |           6     12.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |          15      7.39%      7.39% |          15      7.39%     14.78% |          13      6.40%     21.18% |          15      7.39%     28.57% |          11      5.42%     33.99% |           7      3.45%     37.44% |          14      6.90%     44.33% |          12      5.91%     50.25% |          14      6.90%     57.14% |           7      3.45%     60.59% |          14      6.90%     67.49% |           6      2.96%     70.44% |          12      5.91%     76.35% |          14      6.90%     83.25% |          20      9.85%     93.10% |          14      6.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total          203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       17971      6.27%      6.27% |       17816      6.22%     12.50% |       17742      6.19%     18.69% |       17863      6.24%     24.93% |       17709      6.18%     31.11% |       17848      6.23%     37.34% |       17906      6.25%     43.59% |       17932      6.26%     49.86% |       18051      6.30%     56.16% |       17641      6.16%     62.32% |       17868      6.24%     68.56% |       17868      6.24%     74.80% |       18016      6.29%     81.09% |       18091      6.32%     87.40% |       18108      6.32%     93.73% |       17968      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286398                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |          18      7.11%      7.11% |          19      7.51%     14.62% |          15      5.93%     20.55% |          18      7.11%     27.67% |          13      5.14%     32.81% |           8      3.16%     35.97% |          16      6.32%     42.29% |          14      5.53%     47.83% |          19      7.51%     55.34% |          11      4.35%     59.68% |          15      5.93%     65.61% |           8      3.16%     68.77% |          18      7.11%     75.89% |          18      7.11%     83.00% |          23      9.09%     92.09% |          20      7.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total          253                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |           8     10.96%     10.96% |           8     10.96%     21.92% |           6      8.22%     30.14% |           4      5.48%     35.62% |           2      2.74%     38.36% |           1      1.37%     39.73% |           6      8.22%     47.95% |           3      4.11%     52.05% |           4      5.48%     57.53% |           1      1.37%     58.90% |           2      2.74%     61.64% |           2      2.74%     64.38% |           4      5.48%     69.86% |           6      8.22%     78.08% |          10     13.70%     91.78% |           6      8.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           73                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       63892      6.24%      6.24% |       63812      6.23%     12.48% |       63504      6.20%     18.68% |       64088      6.26%     24.94% |       63545      6.21%     31.15% |       63566      6.21%     37.36% |       63699      6.22%     43.58% |       64098      6.26%     49.85% |       64055      6.26%     56.11% |       63693      6.22%     62.33% |       64090      6.26%     68.59% |       64601      6.31%     74.90% |       64517      6.30%     81.20% |       64537      6.31%     87.51% |       64366      6.29%     93.80% |       63476      6.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1023539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |        1302      6.31%      6.31% |        1330      6.44%     12.75% |        1456      7.05%     19.80% |        1246      6.03%     25.83% |        1316      6.37%     32.20% |        1288      6.24%     38.44% |        1260      6.10%     44.54% |        1260      6.10%     50.64% |        1330      6.44%     57.08% |        1134      5.49%     62.58% |        1232      5.97%     68.54% |        1232      5.97%     74.51% |        1204      5.83%     80.34% |        1274      6.17%     86.51% |        1470      7.12%     93.63% |        1316      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        20650                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        8470      6.32%      6.32% |        8219      6.13%     12.45% |        7980      5.95%     18.40% |        8358      6.23%     24.64% |        8120      6.06%     30.69% |        8316      6.20%     36.90% |        8386      6.26%     43.15% |        8414      6.28%     49.43% |        8513      6.35%     55.78% |        8316      6.20%     61.98% |        8414      6.28%     68.26% |        8456      6.31%     74.57% |        8638      6.44%     81.01% |        8582      6.40%     87.42% |        8428      6.29%     93.70% |        8442      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       134052                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        8199      6.23%      6.23% |        8267      6.28%     12.50% |        8306      6.31%     18.81% |        8259      6.27%     25.08% |        8273      6.28%     31.36% |        8244      6.26%     37.62% |        8260      6.27%     43.90% |        8258      6.27%     50.17% |        8208      6.23%     56.40% |        8191      6.22%     62.62% |        8222      6.24%     68.86% |        8180      6.21%     75.07% |        8174      6.21%     81.28% |        8235      6.25%     87.53% |        8210      6.23%     93.77% |        8210      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       131696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |         263      4.88%      4.88% |         162      3.00%      7.88% |         273      5.06%     12.95% |          85      1.58%     14.52% |         413      7.66%     22.18% |         108      2.00%     24.18% |         237      4.40%     28.58% |         144      2.67%     31.25% |         179      3.32%     34.57% |          87      1.61%     36.18% |         199      3.69%     39.87% |         183      3.39%     43.27% |         166      3.08%     46.35% |         177      3.28%     49.63% |        2581     47.87%     97.50% |         135      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total         5392                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          14     33.33%     66.67% |          14     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          14      4.32%      4.32% |          14      4.32%      8.64% |          14      4.32%     12.96% |          28      8.64%     21.60% |          28      8.64%     30.25% |          28      8.64%     38.89% |          28      8.64%     47.53% |          28      8.64%     56.17% |          28      8.64%     64.81% |          28      8.64%     73.46% |          16      4.94%     78.40% |          28      8.64%     87.04% |          14      4.32%     91.36% |          14      4.32%     95.68% |           0      0.00%     95.68% |          14      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |          28      3.71%      3.71% |          28      3.71%      7.43% |          56      7.43%     14.85% |          28      3.71%     18.57% |          28      3.71%     22.28% |          56      7.43%     29.71% |          56      7.43%     37.14% |          56      7.43%     44.56% |          56      7.43%     51.99% |          56      7.43%     59.42% |          68      9.02%     68.44% |          56      7.43%     75.86% |          56      7.43%     83.29% |          56      7.43%     90.72% |          42      5.57%     96.29% |          28      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          754                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |           8     10.96%     10.96% |           8     10.96%     21.92% |           6      8.22%     30.14% |           4      5.48%     35.62% |           2      2.74%     38.36% |           1      1.37%     39.73% |           6      8.22%     47.95% |           3      4.11%     52.05% |           4      5.48%     57.53% |           1      1.37%     58.90% |           2      2.74%     61.64% |           2      2.74%     64.38% |           4      5.48%     69.86% |           6      8.22%     78.08% |          10     13.70%     91.78% |           6      8.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total           73                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |          14     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |          14     25.00%     50.00% |          14     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |          14     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       46175      6.23%      6.23% |       46198      6.24%     12.47% |       46125      6.23%     18.69% |       46471      6.27%     24.97% |       46086      6.22%     31.19% |       45966      6.20%     37.39% |       46062      6.22%     43.61% |       46277      6.25%     49.85% |       46271      6.25%     56.10% |       46091      6.22%     62.32% |       46377      6.26%     68.58% |       46928      6.33%     74.91% |       46681      6.30%     81.21% |       46795      6.32%     87.53% |       46672      6.30%     93.83% |       45717      6.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       740892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        1006      6.36%      6.36% |        1086      6.86%     13.22% |        1023      6.47%     19.69% |         944      5.97%     25.66% |        1010      6.38%     32.04% |         956      6.04%     38.08% |         907      5.73%     43.82% |        1065      6.73%     50.55% |         979      6.19%     56.73% |        1011      6.39%     63.12% |         993      6.28%     69.40% |         953      6.02%     75.43% |         954      6.03%     81.46% |         855      5.40%     86.86% |        1014      6.41%     93.27% |        1065      6.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        15821                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           3      6.00%      6.00% |           4      8.00%     14.00% |           2      4.00%     18.00% |           3      6.00%     24.00% |           2      4.00%     28.00% |           1      2.00%     30.00% |           2      4.00%     34.00% |           2      4.00%     38.00% |           5     10.00%     48.00% |           4      8.00%     56.00% |           1      2.00%     58.00% |           2      4.00%     62.00% |           6     12.00%     74.00% |           4      8.00%     82.00% |           3      6.00%     88.00% |           6     12.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |           7      5.38%      5.38% |           7      5.38%     10.77% |           7      5.38%     16.15% |          11      8.46%     24.62% |           9      6.92%     31.54% |           6      4.62%     36.15% |           8      6.15%     42.31% |           9      6.92%     49.23% |          10      7.69%     56.92% |           6      4.62%     61.54% |          12      9.23%     70.77% |           4      3.08%     73.85% |           8      6.15%     80.00% |           8      6.15%     86.15% |          10      7.69%     93.85% |           8      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total          130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       62926      6.25%      6.25% |       62846      6.24%     12.48% |       62512      6.20%     18.69% |       63094      6.26%     24.95% |       62552      6.21%     31.16% |       62532      6.21%     37.37% |       62663      6.22%     43.59% |       63065      6.26%     49.85% |       63033      6.26%     56.10% |       62660      6.22%     62.32% |       63056      6.26%     68.58% |       63565      6.31%     74.89% |       63509      6.30%     81.20% |       63532      6.31%     87.50% |       63400      6.29%     93.79% |       62513      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1007458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |          18      7.11%      7.11% |          19      7.51%     14.62% |          15      5.93%     20.55% |          18      7.11%     27.67% |          13      5.14%     32.81% |           8      3.16%     35.97% |          16      6.32%     42.29% |          14      5.53%     47.83% |          19      7.51%     55.34% |          11      4.35%     59.68% |          15      5.93%     65.61% |           8      3.16%     68.77% |          18      7.11%     75.89% |          18      7.11%     83.00% |          23      9.09%     92.09% |          20      7.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total          253                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |           8     10.96%     10.96% |           8     10.96%     21.92% |           6      8.22%     30.14% |           4      5.48%     35.62% |           2      2.74%     38.36% |           1      1.37%     39.73% |           6      8.22%     47.95% |           3      4.11%     52.05% |           4      5.48%     57.53% |           1      1.37%     58.90% |           2      2.74%     61.64% |           2      2.74%     64.38% |           4      5.48%     69.86% |           6      8.22%     78.08% |          10     13.70%     91.78% |           6      8.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total           73                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        8470      6.32%      6.32% |        8219      6.13%     12.45% |        7980      5.95%     18.40% |        8358      6.23%     24.64% |        8120      6.06%     30.69% |        8316      6.20%     36.90% |        8386      6.26%     43.15% |        8414      6.28%     49.43% |        8513      6.35%     55.78% |        8316      6.20%     61.98% |        8414      6.28%     68.26% |        8456      6.31%     74.57% |        8638      6.44%     81.01% |        8582      6.40%     87.42% |        8428      6.29%     93.70% |        8442      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       134052                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1302      6.31%      6.31% |        1330      6.44%     12.75% |        1456      7.05%     19.80% |        1246      6.03%     25.83% |        1316      6.37%     32.20% |        1288      6.24%     38.44% |        1260      6.10%     44.54% |        1260      6.10%     50.64% |        1330      6.44%     57.08% |        1134      5.49%     62.58% |        1232      5.97%     68.54% |        1232      5.97%     74.51% |        1204      5.83%     80.34% |        1274      6.17%     86.51% |        1470      7.12%     93.63% |        1316      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        20650                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        8199      6.23%      6.23% |        8267      6.28%     12.50% |        8306      6.31%     18.81% |        8259      6.27%     25.08% |        8273      6.28%     31.36% |        8244      6.26%     37.62% |        8260      6.27%     43.90% |        8258      6.27%     50.17% |        8208      6.23%     56.40% |        8191      6.22%     62.62% |        8222      6.24%     68.86% |        8180      6.21%     75.07% |        8174      6.21%     81.28% |        8235      6.25%     87.53% |        8210      6.23%     93.77% |        8210      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       131696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |          42      3.90%      3.90% |          42      3.90%      7.79% |          70      6.49%     14.29% |          56      5.19%     19.48% |          56      5.19%     24.68% |          84      7.79%     32.47% |          84      7.79%     40.26% |          84      7.79%     48.05% |          84      7.79%     55.84% |          84      7.79%     63.64% |          84      7.79%     71.43% |          84      7.79%     79.22% |          70      6.49%     85.71% |          70      6.49%     92.21% |          42      3.90%     96.10% |          42      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       63850      6.24%      6.24% |       63770      6.24%     12.48% |       63434      6.20%     18.69% |       64032      6.26%     24.95% |       63489      6.21%     31.16% |       63482      6.21%     37.37% |       63615      6.22%     43.59% |       64014      6.26%     49.85% |       63971      6.26%     56.11% |       63609      6.22%     62.33% |       64006      6.26%     68.59% |       64517      6.31%     74.90% |       64447      6.30%     81.20% |       64467      6.31%     87.50% |       64324      6.29%     93.80% |       63434      6.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1022461                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |          69      3.95%      3.95% |          70      4.01%      7.96% |          96      5.50%     13.46% |          95      5.44%     18.90% |          94      5.38%     24.28% |         139      7.96%     32.25% |         138      7.90%     40.15% |         136      7.79%     47.94% |         137      7.85%     55.78% |         137      7.85%     63.63% |         139      7.96%     71.59% |         139      7.96%     79.55% |         110      6.30%     85.85% |         112      6.41%     92.27% |          67      3.84%     96.11% |          68      3.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         1746                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           3      9.38%     18.75% |           4     12.50%     31.25% |           1      3.12%     34.38% |           2      6.25%     40.62% |           4     12.50%     53.12% |           3      9.38%     62.50% |           3      9.38%     71.88% |           1      3.12%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           2      6.25%     84.38% |           0      0.00%     84.38% |           3      9.38%     93.75% |           2      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           3      9.38%     18.75% |           4     12.50%     31.25% |           1      3.12%     34.38% |           2      6.25%     40.62% |           4     12.50%     53.12% |           3      9.38%     62.50% |           3      9.38%     71.88% |           1      3.12%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           2      6.25%     84.38% |           0      0.00%     84.38% |           3      9.38%     93.75% |           2      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          69      3.95%      3.95% |          70      4.01%      7.96% |          96      5.50%     13.46% |          95      5.44%     18.90% |          94      5.38%     24.28% |         139      7.96%     32.25% |         138      7.90%     40.15% |         136      7.79%     47.94% |         137      7.85%     55.78% |         137      7.85%     63.63% |         139      7.96%     71.59% |         139      7.96%     79.55% |         110      6.30%     85.85% |         112      6.41%     92.27% |          67      3.84%     96.11% |          68      3.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         1746                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
