
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.014586                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14586140500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                14586140500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   6429                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    11081                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1890171                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2270016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7716.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    49612045                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      85506432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2339584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2339584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0          640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total            640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        36556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              36556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    160397742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            160397742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        43877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               43877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    160441619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           160441619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      36556                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    36556                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2339456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2339584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                 640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             2090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             2474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  14585073000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                36556                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                  10                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  25544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        21500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   108.794047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.741699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   125.839755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17864     83.09%     83.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1602      7.45%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          397      1.85%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          238      1.11%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1316      6.12%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           66      0.31%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.03%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        21500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1234673750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1920061250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 182770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    33776.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               52526.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      160.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   160.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.62                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   15051                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                41.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    398869.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   41.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                75019980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                39874065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              125307000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        990799680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           435020580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            29670240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4108258470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy      696686400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy       708633360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7209629475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           494.279423                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         13548245000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     33943250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    419720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2730463500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1814165000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    578447500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9009401250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                78511440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                41718435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              135688560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        1031980560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           458148900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            32460480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4229423370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy      719432160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy       627774360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7355422155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           504.274710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         13495397500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     39452500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    437278000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2347695250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1873478250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    613069250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9275167250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2303360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2303360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        35990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              35990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    157914289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            157914289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        35102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               35102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    157949390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           157949390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      35990                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    35990                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2303360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2303360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             2025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  14585355000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                35990                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  25422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   2168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        21129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.005064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.741632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   126.434802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17567     83.14%     83.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1561      7.39%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          352      1.67%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          224      1.06%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1343      6.36%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           68      0.32%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        21129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1192247750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1867060250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 179950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    33127.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               51877.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      157.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   157.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.63                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      1.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   14860                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                41.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    405171.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   41.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                73484880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                39058140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              123143580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        987111840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           431124630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            29689920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4069333170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy      717734400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy       717422115                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7188269565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           492.815025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         13561917000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     33872250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    418148000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2769930750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1869211000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    571293250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8923685250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                77383320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                41126415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              133825020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        1033209840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           455236200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            33298560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4231760940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy      704907840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy       640496640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7351455135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           504.002739                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         13500377250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41433500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    437810000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2384756000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1835702000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    606135500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9280303500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2313216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2313216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2          128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total            128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        36144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              36144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    158589998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            158589998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2         8775                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total                8775                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    158598774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           158598774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      36144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    36144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2313216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2313216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                 128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             2090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             2022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             2267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             2085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             2431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             2310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             2221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            2292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            2439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            2524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            2559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            2525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  14584984000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                36144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  25320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   6184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   2237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        21099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.627186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.248087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   126.273068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17391     82.43%     82.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1682      7.97%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          390      1.85%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          219      1.04%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1335      6.33%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           69      0.33%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        21099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1267039250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1944739250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 180720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    35055.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               53805.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      158.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   158.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.63                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   15043                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                41.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    403502.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   41.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                73049340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                38826645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              123571980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        983424000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy           429426600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy            30544320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4070960520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy      668178720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy       754030665                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy            7172407980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           491.727583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime         13561213250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     36954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    416672000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2896401000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1740023250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    568468000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8927622250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                77611800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                41244060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              134496180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        1015999920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy           453559830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy            32358240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4177605240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy      691957920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy       674087010                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy            7299078960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           500.411921                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime         13506495000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     39615500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    430482000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2543483750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1802013250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    609249750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9161296250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2321408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2321408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3          384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total            384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        36272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              36272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159151628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159151628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        26326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               26326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159177954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           159177954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      36272                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    36272                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2321344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2321408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                 384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             2112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             2022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             2268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             2259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             2020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             2216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            2279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            2440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            2595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            2506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  14583909000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                36272                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   6                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  25461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   6226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        21370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   108.626299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.614348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   125.595454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17800     83.29%     83.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1531      7.16%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          403      1.89%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          231      1.08%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1330      6.22%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      0.29%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        21370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1216596000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1896677250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 181355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    33541.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               52291.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   14901                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                41.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    402004.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   41.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                74256000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                39468000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              124164600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        987726480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy           431403930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy            29564640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4114561530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy      678113760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy       719504010                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy            7199220990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           493.565835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime         13558442500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     34039500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    418456000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2772984500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1765842750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    571555750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9023262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                78325800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                41631150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              134810340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        1026448800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy           456051300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy            32007360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4223128290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy      709696320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy       636321495                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy            7338575205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           503.119713                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime         13500542500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     38240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    434890000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2392919750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1848156500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    610577000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9261357250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2320704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           2320704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        36261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              36261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4    159103363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total            159103363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4        35102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               35102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4    159138464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total           159138464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      36261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    36261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               2320704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                2320704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             2041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             2266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             2247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             2111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             2478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             2275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             2031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             2239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            2266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            2283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            2421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            2571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            2556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            2524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  14583113500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                36261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  25477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                   6244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                   2281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                   1090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                    526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                    277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                    157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        21260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.158231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.956838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   125.852312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17609     82.83%     82.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1621      7.62%     90.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383          401      1.89%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511          218      1.03%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1340      6.30%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767           58      0.27%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.04%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        21260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1226288750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             1906182500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 181305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    33818.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               52568.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                      159.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                   159.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.64                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                      1.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   15001                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                41.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                    402082.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   41.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                73741920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                39194760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              124021800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        990799680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy           432237840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy            30889440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4134794250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy      665588640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy       717014820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy            7208517450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           494.203184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime         13554454250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     36971500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF    419726000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2756450500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1733322500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    571988500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9067681500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                78054480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                41486940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              134881740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        1030136640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy           456145350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy            33401760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4239548850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy      700534560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy       634675245                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy            7348922145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           503.823252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime         13499050750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41431500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF    436285500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2377317250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1824201750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    609372750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9297531750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2334464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           2334464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        36476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              36476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5    160046724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total            160046724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5        35102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               35102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5    160081826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total           160081826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      36476                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    36476                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               2334464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                2334464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             2079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             2050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             2281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             2133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             2490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             2289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             2018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             2251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            2277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            2316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            2433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            2551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            2557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  14583532000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                36476                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  25581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                   6310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                   2313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                   1078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                    547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                    290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                    161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                     84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        21440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   108.868657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.767857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   125.817999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17816     83.10%     83.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1577      7.36%     90.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383          406      1.89%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511          228      1.06%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1332      6.21%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767           67      0.31%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        21440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1191741250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             1875666250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 182380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    32671.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               51421.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                      160.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                   160.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                      1.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   15033                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                41.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                    399724.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   41.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                74206020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                39433845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              124721520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        984038640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy           432394590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy            30380640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4099641780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy      682181760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy       721456830                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy            7188651435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           492.841205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime         13558361500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     35393000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF    416836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2791400500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1776484250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    575400500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8990626250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                78897000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                41930955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              135717120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        1025219520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy           456894330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy            32314560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4271865570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy      682220640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy       623341215                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy            7348556400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           503.804006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime         13499072000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     38803000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF    434340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2354942500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1776673000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    613145250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9368236750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2339200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           2339200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6          576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total            576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        36550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              36550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6    160371416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total            160371416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6        39490                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total               39490                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6    160410905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total           160410905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      36550                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    36550                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                       9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               2339200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                2339200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                 576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             2099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             2288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             2467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             2017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            2276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            2321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            2469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            2608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            2552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            2564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  14583296000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                36550                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                   9                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  25716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                   6308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                   2264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                   1053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                    535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                    292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                    165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                     74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        21529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   108.632635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.584482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   125.883250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17940     83.33%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1559      7.24%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383          386      1.79%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511          215      1.00%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1348      6.26%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767           67      0.31%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        21529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1190541250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             1875853750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 182750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    32572.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               51322.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                      160.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                   160.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.61                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                      1.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   15017                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                41.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                    398897.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   41.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                74862900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                39782985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              125121360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        984038640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy           433331100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy            30527520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4074690030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy      706011360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy       718529685                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy            7186912260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           492.721971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime         13556477250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     35415750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF    416848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2782027000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1838502250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    577361500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8935986000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                78882720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                41919570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              135845640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        1020917040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy           456305520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy            32405760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4288700520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy      645708480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy       638105955                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy            7338995715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           503.148543                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime         13499856000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     39427750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF    432526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2414053250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1681381500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    613747500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9405004500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2331712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           2331712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7          320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total            320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        36433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              36433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7    159858052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total            159858052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7        21939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               21939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7    159879990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total           159879990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      36433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    36433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                       5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               2331712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                2331712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                 320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             2095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             2056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             2256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             2128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             2470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             2311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            2281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            2573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            2526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  14585158500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                36433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                   5                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  25562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                   6277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                   2328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                   1081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                    549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                    279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                    143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                     39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        21410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   108.892667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.850248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   125.551931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17752     82.91%     82.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1624      7.59%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383          412      1.92%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511          202      0.94%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1345      6.28%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767           63      0.29%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        21410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1241668250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             1924787000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 182165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    34080.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               52830.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                      159.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                   159.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.66                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                      1.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   15020                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                41.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                    400273.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   41.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                74170320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                39422460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              124785780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        985882560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy           431399370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy            29373120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4094472450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy      702566880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy       711485850                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy            7193791890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           493.193626                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime         13561148250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF    417610000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2754368250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1829631000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    572562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8979269250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                78718500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                41828490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              135345840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        1027063440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy           456787170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy            31976160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4242633690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy      705916320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy       626364270                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy            7346723670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           503.678358                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime         13500366500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37797750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF    435144000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2358602000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1838275500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    612160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9304161250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                       20593785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                   3031774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                     5294454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses             5222569                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts       427282                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                    5222569                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads          10454199                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes          4486000                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads            2990509                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes           2330529                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                     1133319                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                    810321                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                   322998                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             6055875.516777                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             14537909.483223                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.705937                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.294063                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                          495775                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                 4037144     76.25%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                  12804      0.24%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.70%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.98%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                 795294     15.02%     93.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                321169      6.07%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.28%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                  5294454                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu01.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                115                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                       26705927                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   4011201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                     6851587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses             6779572                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                72572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                     34514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts       542732                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                    6779572                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                       72572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads          13509954                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes          5811956                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads             122779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes             62481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            3626292                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           2906907                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     1708677                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                   1270366                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                   438311                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             2257837.497488                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             24448089.502512                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.915456                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.084544                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                          611543                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass               22461      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                 5018749     73.25%     73.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                  12823      0.19%     73.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   36985      0.54%     74.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                 51892      0.76%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                1255327     18.32%     93.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                436482      6.37%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead             15039      0.22%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                  6851587                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu02.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                127                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                       29172281                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                   4554720                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                     7700936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses             7628835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                72664                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                     34590                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts       603835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                    7628835                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                       72664                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          15186203                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes          6538907                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads             122943                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes             62565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            3962868                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           3211909                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     2029954                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   1530565                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                   499389                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             29172280.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                          672799                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass               22475      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                 5546709     72.03%     72.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  12835      0.17%     72.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   36999      0.48%     72.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                 51964      0.67%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                1515518     19.68%     93.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                497560      6.46%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead             15047      0.20%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                  7700936                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu03.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                       20505502                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                   3035072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                     5299837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses             5227952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts       427699                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                    5227952                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          10464565                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes          4490549                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            2992823                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           2332573                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     1135185                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                    811811                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                   323374                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             6091969.775928                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             14413532.224072                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.702910                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.297090                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                          496233                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                 4040661     76.24%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  12804      0.24%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.70%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.98%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                 796784     15.03%     93.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                321545      6.07%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.28%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                  5299837                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu04.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                109                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                       24777885                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   3688430                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                     6338033                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses             6266061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                72526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                     34476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       504606                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                    6266061                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                       72526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          12502490                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes          5374747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads             122697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes             62439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            3416311                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           2716602                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     1519169                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   1118903                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                   400266                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             3732441.723517                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             21045443.276483                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.849364                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.150636                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                          573275                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               22454      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                 4694759     74.07%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  12817      0.20%     74.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   36978      0.58%     75.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                 51856      0.82%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                1103868     17.42%     93.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                398437      6.29%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead             15035      0.24%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                  6338033                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu05.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                103                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                       24651414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   3485394                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     6031141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             5959212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                72480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                     34438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       483866                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    5959212                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                       72480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          11890119                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          5109430                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads             122615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes             62397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            3301989                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           2613155                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     1397798                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                   1018264                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   379534                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             3820262.258464                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             20831151.741536                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.845029                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.154971                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          552464                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass               22447      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 4509294     74.77%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  12811      0.21%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   36971      0.61%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                 51820      0.86%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                1003233     16.63%     93.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                377705      6.26%     99.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead             15031      0.25%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  6031141                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu06.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                121                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                       28950701                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   4324965                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     7350104                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             7278046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                72618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                     34552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       579652                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    7278046                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                       72618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          14488495                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          6236540                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads             122861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes             62523                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            3829615                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           3091232                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     1893051                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   1417851                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   475200                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             219896.976347                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             28730804.023653                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.992404                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.007596                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                          648555                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass               22468      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 5332836     72.55%     72.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  12829      0.17%     73.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   36992      0.50%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                 51928      0.71%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                1402808     19.09%     93.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                473371      6.44%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead             15043      0.20%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                  7350104                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu07.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                       11915364                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   2609941                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     4610103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             4538218                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       374782                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    4538218                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads           9119529                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          3906649                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            2701817                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           2067879                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                      886951                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                    616590                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   270361                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             7048555.701987                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             4866808.298013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.408448                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.591552                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                          443406                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 3599167     78.07%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.28%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.80%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.12%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 601563     13.05%     93.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                268532      5.82%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.33%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                  4610103                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu08.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                115                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                       28952647                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   4145561                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     7081027                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             7009012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                72572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                     34514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       561748                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    7009012                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                       72572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads          13950330                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          6003364                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads             122779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes             62481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            3730862                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           3002023                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     1785621                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   1328258                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   457363                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             217980.408480                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             28734666.591520                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.992471                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.007529                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                          630523                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass               22461      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 5171245     73.03%     73.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  12823      0.18%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   36985      0.52%     74.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                 51892      0.73%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                1313219     18.55%     93.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                455534      6.43%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead             15039      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                  7081027                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu09.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                       18431947                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   2725350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     4807879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             4735994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       391256                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    4735994                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads           9498898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes          4071479                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            2792375                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           2150343                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                      953038                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                    666107                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   286931                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             6786074.324239                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             11645872.675761                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.631831                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.368169                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                          459782                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                 3730856     77.60%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.27%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.77%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.08%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                 651080     13.54%     93.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                285102      5.93%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.31%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                  4807879                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                       18508190                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   2731770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     4818874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             4746989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       392171                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    4746989                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads           9520018                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          4080644                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            2797400                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           2154933                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                      956728                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                    668867                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   287861                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             6765772.701448                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             11742417.298552                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.634444                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.365556                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                          460682                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 3738161     77.57%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.27%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.77%     79.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.07%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 653840     13.57%     93.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                286032      5.94%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.31%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                  4818874                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                121                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                       26916150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   4220682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     7170032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             7097974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                72618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                     34552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts       564493                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    7097974                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                       72618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          14144078                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          6086782                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads             122861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes             62523                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            3746248                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           3015426                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     1833615                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   1373586                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   460029                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             2081645.945523                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             24834504.054477                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.922662                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.077338                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                          633412                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass               22468      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 5212200     72.69%     73.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  12829      0.18%     73.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   36992      0.52%     73.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                 51928      0.72%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                1358543     18.95%     93.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                458200      6.39%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead             15043      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                  7170032                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                103                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                       22699273                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   3363112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     5821364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             5749435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                72480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                     34438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       466367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    5749435                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                       72480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          11488185                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          4934651                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads             122615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes             62397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            3205735                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           2525679                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     1327968                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                    965914                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   362054                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             5036718.786526                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             17662554.213474                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.778111                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.221889                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                          534946                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass               22447      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                 4369347     75.06%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  12811      0.22%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   36971      0.64%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                 51820      0.89%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 950883     16.33%     93.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                360225      6.19%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead             15031      0.26%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                  5821364                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                109                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                       24651599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   3684073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                     6331061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses             6259089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                72526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                     34476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts       504083                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                    6259089                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                       72526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          12488765                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          5368821                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads             122697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes             62439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            3413448                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           2713960                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                     1516577                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   1116861                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                   399716                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             3820134.596680                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             20831464.403320                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.845035                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.154965                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                          572779                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               22454      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                 4690379     74.09%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  12817      0.20%     74.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   36978      0.58%     75.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                 51856      0.82%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                1101826     17.40%     93.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                397887      6.28%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead             15035      0.24%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                  6331061                       # Class of executed instruction
system.fpga0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.fpga0.clk_domain.clock                    3333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.fpga0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.numCycles                        4250635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.fpga0.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.fpga0.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.fpga1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.fpga1.clk_domain.clock                    3333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.fpga1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.numCycles                        3913751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.fpga1.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.fpga1.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.piobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.piobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              810135                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             810135                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                470                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               470                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        55820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        55820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       170906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       170906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       231708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       231708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        56278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        56278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       132864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       132864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       112280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       112280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       207692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       207692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port         3482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       189886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       189886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        19858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        19858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        20758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        20758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       192548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       192548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        94762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        94762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       132368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       132368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count::total                1621210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       223280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       223280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       683624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       683624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       926832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       926832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       225112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       225112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       531456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       531456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       449120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       449120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       830768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       830768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        13928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        13928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       759544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       759544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        79432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        79432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        83032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        83032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       770192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       770192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       379048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       379048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       529472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       529472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size::total                 6484840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.reqLayer0.occupancy           639074000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.reqLayer1.occupancy           444516500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer2.occupancy           59056500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer2.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer4.occupancy          178787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer4.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer6.occupancy          238212000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer6.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer8.occupancy           59722500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer8.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer10.occupancy         138423500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer10.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer12.occupancy         120779000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer12.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer14.occupancy         216132000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer14.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer16.occupancy           3457000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer18.occupancy         201159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer18.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer20.occupancy          21959500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer20.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer22.occupancy          22613000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer22.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer24.occupancy         197871000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer24.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer26.occupancy          99562000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer26.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer28.occupancy         138460500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer28.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                5450908                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 13.803806                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                12.129846                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 7.533940                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |      757911     13.90%     13.90% |     3396265     62.31%     76.21% |      447148      8.20%     84.41% |      606456     11.13%     95.54% |      243027      4.46%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  5450908                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     85502956                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000116                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000080                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.010774                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    85493030     99.99%     99.99% |        9926      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     85502956                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       85502956                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.667638                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.450607                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        15.016281                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    85486647     99.98%     99.98% |        5954      0.01%     99.99% |        5139      0.01%     99.99% |         533      0.00%     99.99% |        4339      0.01%    100.00% |         344      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         85502956                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84448314                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.708703                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.387481                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.274303                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    64498734     76.38%     76.38% |           0      0.00%     76.38% |           0      0.00%     76.38% |    19949580     23.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     84448314                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1054642                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    79.452418                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    51.141331                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   110.369776                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1038333     98.45%     98.45% |        5954      0.56%     99.02% |        5139      0.49%     99.51% |         533      0.05%     99.56% |        4339      0.41%     99.97% |         344      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1054642                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1061718                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1106118                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      4064948                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         2510                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4067458                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1523262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       100671                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1623933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      5333576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses         1700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5335276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits       921466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25592                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       947058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits      3678518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses         1687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3680205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1626529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses       111521                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1738050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits      5589005                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses         1701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5590706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1218920                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1281296                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits      4494023                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses         2512                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4496535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1369813                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        81289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1451102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits      4908832                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses         2513                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4911345                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits         7511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses          889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits         7511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses          889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1783135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses       131674                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1914809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      6021365                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         1697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6023062                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1064547                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1107755                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4070101                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses         1679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4071780                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1372184                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        81262                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1453446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits      4914591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses         2516                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4917107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1271130                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        71237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1342367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits      4668822                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses         2511                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4671333                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1670775                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses       119139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1789914                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits      5739424                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses         1685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5741109                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits       868599                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17320                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       885919                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits      3504245                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses         1692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3505937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1581034                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses       110353                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1691387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits      5524651                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses         1681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5526332                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits       918765                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       943818                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits      3669314                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses         1685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3670999                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        47241                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        18306                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        65547                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        47208                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        18150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        65358                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        47395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        18272                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        65667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        48026                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        18280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        66306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        47588                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        18398                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        65986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        47661                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        18470                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        66131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        52962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        18445                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        71407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        46670                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        18306                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        64976                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        18110                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        65439                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        47366                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        18230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        65596                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47277                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        18073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        65350                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        46912                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        18258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        65170                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47035                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        18315                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        65350                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47266                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        18337                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        65603                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47279                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        18460                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        65739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        46967                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        18050                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        65017                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2324601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2324601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2346009                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2324601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2324601                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3747800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3747800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3801410                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3747800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3747800                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3807276                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3807276                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3860373                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3807276                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3807276                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      2009163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      2009163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2029172                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2009163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      2009163                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3421626                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3421626                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3455973                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3421626                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3421626                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3469465                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3469465                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3513415                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3469465                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3469465                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3441881                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3441881                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3471710                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3441881                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3441881                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2756819                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2756819                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2799570                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2756819                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2756819                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3549790                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3549790                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3588774                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3549790                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3549790                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3852373                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3852373                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3905241                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3852373                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3852373                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3921349                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3921349                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3982558                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3921349                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3921349                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      3616550                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      3616550                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3652052                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3616550                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      3616550                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2247247                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2247247                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2263785                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2247247                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2247247                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3280632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3280632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3326663                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3280632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3280632                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3344805                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3344805                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3392337                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3344805                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3344805                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2767805                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2767805                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2787202                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2767805                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2767805                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |     2354285     41.00%     41.00% |     2357895     41.06%     82.07% |     1029748     17.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total      5741928                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |     2354285     41.00%     41.00% |     2357895     41.06%     82.07% |     1029748     17.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total      5741928                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |    38635564                       |    28453967                       |     9547013                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |     5717551                       |     3135919                       |     1029748                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |   16.410742                       |   12.067529                       |    9.271213                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |    2.428572                       |    1.329965                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    13.346831                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency     1.721237                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency    15.068068                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5746929     39.58%     39.58% |     7743507     53.33%     92.91% |     1029748      7.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     14520184                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5746929     39.58%     39.58% |     7743507     53.33%     92.91% |     1029748      7.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     14520184                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |    95725318                       |    85703865                       |     9547013                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |    12502843                       |    11593403                       |     1029748                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |   16.656778                       |   11.067836                       |    9.271213                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |    2.175569                       |    1.497177                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    13.152464                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency     1.730418                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency    14.882882                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization     14520184                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization     14520184                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization     37038998                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     2.265142                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.583973     25.78%     25.78% |    0.208437      9.20%     34.98% |    0.050192      2.22%     37.20% |    0.061211      2.70%     39.90% |    0.947813     41.84%     81.74% |    0.117300      5.18%     86.92% |    0.066813      2.95%     89.87% |    0.066796      2.95%     92.82% |    0.134865      5.95%     98.78% |    0.010089      0.45%     99.22% |    0.008830      0.39%     99.61% |    0.008824      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       2.265142                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             2.550863                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14586140500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3090417                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        15.129161                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       12.709645                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        9.228590                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      521187     16.86%     16.86% |     1670470     54.05%     70.92% |       50563      1.64%     72.55% |      605088     19.58%     92.13% |      243010      7.86%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3090417                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2357557                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        12.072776                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       11.415024                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.775488                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      235881     10.01%     10.01% |     1723738     73.12%     83.12% |      396551     16.82%     99.94% |        1368      0.06%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2357557                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          2934                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         8.725631                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.327976                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.607010                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         200      6.82%      6.82% |         643     21.92%     28.73% |         907     30.91%     59.65% |         715     24.37%     84.01% |         331     11.28%     95.30% |         104      3.54%     98.84% |          31      1.06%     99.90% |           3      0.10%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            2934                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12957543                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.827846                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.727505                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     31.430708                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    12947329     99.92%     99.92% |        3383      0.03%     99.95% |        2071      0.02%     99.96% |         482      0.00%     99.97% |        3934      0.03%    100.00% |         344      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      12957543                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12084148                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.684385                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.371978                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.258878                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9327410     77.19%     77.19% |           0      0.00%     77.19% |           0      0.00%     77.19% |     2756738     22.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12084148                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       873395                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.156079                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.879766                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   105.404861                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      863181     98.83%     98.83% |        3383      0.39%     99.22% |        2071      0.24%     99.46% |         482      0.06%     99.51% |        3934      0.45%     99.96% |         344      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       873395                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5372493                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.024694                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.522160                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     30.525292                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     5238249     97.50%     97.50% |      129103      2.40%     99.90% |        1026      0.02%     99.92% |        1049      0.02%     99.94% |        1385      0.03%     99.97% |        1351      0.03%     99.99% |          23      0.00%     99.99% |          16      0.00%     99.99% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |         263      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       5372493                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5221526                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.627492                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.336378                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.220135                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4129371     79.08%     79.08% |           0      0.00%     79.08% |           0      0.00%     79.08% |     1092155     20.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5221526                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       150967                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   158.111594                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   137.311700                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    96.484731                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       16723     11.08%     11.08% |      129103     85.52%     96.59% |        1026      0.68%     97.27% |        1049      0.69%     97.97% |        1385      0.92%     98.89% |        1351      0.89%     99.78% |          23      0.02%     99.80% |          16      0.01%     99.81% |          28      0.02%     99.83% |         263      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       150967                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     66209184                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.794566                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.402953                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.186904                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    66188549     99.97%     99.97% |       19771      0.03%    100.00% |         287      0.00%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |         173      0.00%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     66209184                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     66181415                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.728664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.400339                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.286484                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50106737     75.71%     75.71% |           0      0.00%     75.71% |           0      0.00%     75.71% |    16074678     24.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     66181415                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27769                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   158.857035                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.449986                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   114.777928                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7134     25.69%     25.69% |       19771     71.20%     96.89% |         287      1.03%     97.92% |         141      0.51%     98.43% |         173      0.62%     99.05% |         137      0.49%     99.55% |           9      0.03%     99.58% |           3      0.01%     99.59% |           4      0.01%     99.60% |         110      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        27769                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       963736                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.444349                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.050818                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.568438                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      962156     99.84%     99.84% |        1490      0.15%     99.99% |          53      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       963736                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       961225                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.081175                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.038223                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.486759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      935216     97.29%     97.29% |           0      0.00%     97.29% |           0      0.00%     97.29% |       26009      2.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       961225                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2511                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.469534                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.206875                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    93.340996                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         931     37.08%     37.08% |        1490     59.34%     96.42% |          53      2.11%     98.53% |          15      0.60%     99.12% |          11      0.44%     99.56% |          11      0.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2511                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       36556     12.58%     12.58% |       35990     12.38%     24.96% |       36144     12.43%     37.39% |       36272     12.48%     49.87% |       36261     12.47%     62.34% |       36476     12.55%     74.89% |       36550     12.57%     87.47% |       36433     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       290682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          10     17.86%     17.86% |           8     14.29%     32.14% |           2      3.57%     35.71% |           6     10.71%     46.43% |           8     14.29%     60.71% |           8     14.29%     75.00% |           9     16.07%     91.07% |           5      8.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total           56                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       36556     12.58%     12.58% |       35990     12.38%     24.96% |       36144     12.43%     37.39% |       36272     12.48%     49.87% |       36261     12.47%     62.34% |       36476     12.55%     74.89% |       36550     12.57%     87.47% |       36433     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       290682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |          10     17.86%     17.86% |           8     14.29%     32.14% |           2      3.57%     35.71% |           6     10.71%     46.43% |           8     14.29%     60.71% |           8     14.29%     75.00% |           9     16.07%     91.07% |           5      8.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total           56                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |          42     14.89%     14.89% |          34     12.06%     26.95% |          34     12.06%     39.01% |          32     11.35%     50.35% |          30     10.64%     60.99% |          36     12.77%     73.76% |          38     13.48%     87.23% |          36     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          282                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       36556     12.58%     12.58% |       35990     12.38%     24.96% |       36144     12.43%     37.39% |       36272     12.48%     49.87% |       36261     12.47%     62.34% |       36476     12.55%     74.89% |       36550     12.57%     87.47% |       36433     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       290682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |          10     17.86%     17.86% |           8     14.29%     32.14% |           2      3.57%     35.71% |           6     10.71%     46.43% |           8     14.29%     60.71% |           8     14.29%     75.00% |           9     16.07%     91.07% |           5      8.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total           56                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |          42     14.89%     14.89% |          34     12.06%     26.95% |          34     12.06%     39.01% |          32     11.35%     50.35% |          30     10.64%     60.99% |          36     12.77%     73.76% |          38     13.48%     87.23% |          36     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          282                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       36556     12.58%     12.58% |       35990     12.38%     24.96% |       36144     12.43%     37.39% |       36272     12.48%     49.87% |       36261     12.47%     62.34% |       36476     12.55%     74.89% |       36550     12.57%     87.47% |       36433     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       290682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |          10     17.86%     17.86% |           8     14.29%     32.14% |           2      3.57%     35.71% |           6     10.71%     46.43% |           8     14.29%     60.71% |           8     14.29%     75.00% |           9     16.07%     91.07% |           5      8.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      744149      5.74%      5.74% |     1089222      8.41%     14.15% |     1288632      9.95%     24.09% |      745222      5.75%     29.85% |      975726      7.53%     37.38% |        4200      0.03%     37.41% |        4200      0.03%     37.44% |      895669      6.91%     44.35% |     1199944      9.26%     53.61% |      602896      4.65%     58.27% |     1128097      8.71%     66.97% |      635940      4.91%     71.88% |      637785      4.92%     76.80% |     1170837      9.04%     85.84% |      860818      6.64%     92.48% |      974207      7.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     12957544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4067459      6.14%      6.14% |     5335277      8.06%     14.20% |     6023063      9.10%     23.30% |     4071781      6.15%     29.45% |     4917108      7.43%     36.88% |           0      0.00%     36.88% |           0      0.00%     36.88% |     4671334      7.06%     43.93% |     5741110      8.67%     52.60% |     3505938      5.30%     57.90% |     5526333      8.35%     66.24% |     3671000      5.54%     71.79% |     3680206      5.56%     77.35% |     5590707      8.44%     85.79% |     4496536      6.79%     92.58% |     4911346      7.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     66209198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      361969      5.71%      5.71% |      534712      8.44%     14.15% |      626177      9.88%     24.03% |      362533      5.72%     29.76% |      477720      7.54%     37.30% |        4200      0.07%     37.36% |        4200      0.07%     37.43% |      446698      7.05%     44.48% |      589970      9.31%     53.79% |      283023      4.47%     58.26% |      563290      8.89%     67.15% |      307878      4.86%     72.00% |      309273      4.88%     76.89% |      567213      8.95%     85.84% |      420478      6.64%     92.47% |      476895      7.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6336229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          50      4.33%      4.33% |          50      4.33%      8.65% |          55      4.76%     13.41% |          71      6.14%     19.55% |          50      4.33%     23.88% |         189     16.35%     40.22% |         189     16.35%     56.57% |          52      4.50%     61.07% |          70      6.06%     67.13% |          52      4.50%     71.63% |          55      4.76%     76.38% |          65      5.62%     82.01% |          53      4.58%     86.59% |          51      4.41%     91.00% |          52      4.50%     95.50% |          52      4.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       45371      4.40%      4.40% |      100831      9.77%     14.17% |      131829     12.78%     26.95% |       43348      4.20%     31.15% |       82239      7.97%     39.13% |         153      0.01%     39.14% |         153      0.01%     39.15% |       72208      7.00%     46.15% |      119283     11.56%     57.72% |       17471      1.69%     59.41% |      110492     10.71%     70.12% |       25198      2.44%     72.56% |       25740      2.50%     75.06% |      111683     10.83%     85.89% |       63348      6.14%     92.03% |       82263      7.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1031610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          52      2.92%      2.92% |          52      2.92%      5.85% |          52      2.92%      8.77% |          52      2.92%     11.70% |          52      2.92%     14.62% |         525     29.53%     44.15% |         525     29.53%     73.68% |          52      2.92%     76.60% |          52      2.92%     79.53% |          52      2.92%     82.45% |          52      2.92%     85.38% |          52      2.92%     88.30% |          52      2.92%     91.23% |          52      2.92%     94.15% |          52      2.92%     97.08% |          52      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          23      7.23%      7.23% |          23      7.23%     14.47% |          23      7.23%     21.70% |          23      7.23%     28.93% |          21      6.60%     35.53% |           0      0.00%     35.53% |           0      0.00%     35.53% |          23      7.23%     42.77% |          23      7.23%     50.00% |          23      7.23%     57.23% |          23      7.23%     64.47% |          23      7.23%     71.70% |          23      7.23%     78.93% |          22      6.92%     85.85% |          22      6.92%     92.77% |          23      7.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       32534      3.73%      3.73% |       89234     10.24%     13.97% |      128129     14.70%     28.67% |       31908      3.66%     32.33% |       70159      8.05%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |       51033      5.86%     46.24% |      107895     12.38%     58.62% |       13903      1.60%     60.21% |       89845     10.31%     70.52% |       13830      1.59%     72.11% |       13923      1.60%     73.71% |      107982     12.39%     86.10% |       50999      5.85%     91.95% |       70184      8.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       871558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          75      4.22%      4.22% |          75      4.22%      8.44% |          75      4.22%     12.65% |          75      4.22%     16.87% |          75      4.22%     21.09% |         364     20.47%     41.56% |         364     20.47%     62.04% |          75      4.22%     66.25% |          75      4.22%     70.47% |          75      4.22%     74.69% |          75      4.22%     78.91% |          75      4.22%     83.13% |          75      4.22%     87.35% |          75      4.22%     91.56% |          75      4.22%     95.78% |          75      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       14274      7.92%      7.92% |       13035      7.23%     15.15% |        5140      2.85%     18.00% |       12877      7.14%     25.15% |       13519      7.50%     32.65% |         175      0.10%     32.75% |         175      0.10%     32.84% |       22613     12.55%     45.39% |       12827      7.12%     52.51% |        5007      2.78%     55.29% |       22088     12.26%     67.54% |       12806      7.11%     74.65% |       13254      7.35%     82.00% |        5139      2.85%     84.85% |       13788      7.65%     92.50% |       13516      7.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       180233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           4      0.53%      1.05% |           4      0.53%      1.58% |           4      0.53%      2.11% |           6      0.79%      2.89% |         350     46.05%     48.95% |         350     46.05%     95.00% |           4      0.53%     95.53% |           4      0.53%     96.05% |           4      0.53%     96.58% |           4      0.53%     97.11% |           4      0.53%     97.63% |           4      0.53%     98.16% |           5      0.66%     98.82% |           5      0.66%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          27      2.52%      2.52% |          27      2.52%      5.03% |          27      2.52%      7.55% |          27      2.52%     10.07% |          25      2.33%     12.40% |         350     32.62%     45.01% |         350     32.62%     77.63% |          27      2.52%     80.15% |          27      2.52%     82.67% |          27      2.52%     85.18% |          26      2.42%     87.60% |          27      2.52%     90.12% |          27      2.52%     92.64% |          26      2.42%     95.06% |          26      2.42%     97.48% |          27      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         1073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       43247      4.29%      4.29% |       99518      9.86%     14.15% |      130529     12.94%     27.09% |       42038      4.17%     31.25% |       80109      7.94%     39.19% |           0      0.00%     39.19% |           0      0.00%     39.19% |       70084      6.95%     46.14% |      117986     11.69%     57.83% |       16176      1.60%     59.44% |      109199     10.82%     70.26% |       23900      2.37%     72.63% |       24439      2.42%     75.05% |      110378     10.94%     85.99% |       61223      6.07%     92.06% |       80135      7.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1008961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       32610      3.74%      3.74% |       89310     10.23%     13.97% |      128205     14.69%     28.65% |       32003      3.67%     32.32% |       70235      8.05%     40.36% |         182      0.02%     40.38% |         182      0.02%     40.40% |       51111      5.85%     46.26% |      107971     12.37%     58.63% |       13979      1.60%     60.23% |       89921     10.30%     70.53% |       13906      1.59%     72.12% |       13999      1.60%     73.72% |      108058     12.38%     86.10% |       51076      5.85%     91.95% |       70262      8.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       873010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        2510      9.04%      9.04% |        1700      6.12%     15.16% |        1697      6.11%     21.27% |        1679      6.05%     27.32% |        2516      9.06%     36.38% |           0      0.00%     36.38% |           0      0.00%     36.38% |        2511      9.04%     45.42% |        1685      6.07%     51.49% |        1692      6.09%     57.59% |        1679      6.05%     63.63% |        1685      6.07%     69.70% |        1687      6.08%     75.78% |        1701      6.13%     81.90% |        2512      9.05%     90.95% |        2513      9.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        27767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       11784      7.72%      7.72% |       11355      7.44%     15.15% |        3463      2.27%     17.42% |       11201      7.33%     24.75% |       11021      7.22%     31.97% |         175      0.11%     32.08% |         175      0.11%     32.20% |       20122     13.18%     45.37% |       11162      7.31%     52.68% |        3335      2.18%     54.87% |       20427     13.38%     68.24% |       11141      7.29%     75.54% |       11587      7.59%     83.12% |        3457      2.26%     85.39% |       11295      7.40%     92.78% |       11023      7.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       152723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |          48      6.43%      6.43% |          48      6.43%     12.85% |          53      7.10%     19.95% |          69      9.24%     29.18% |          48      6.43%     35.61% |           0      0.00%     35.61% |           1      0.13%     35.74% |          50      6.69%     42.44% |          66      8.84%     51.27% |          50      6.69%     57.97% |          51      6.83%     64.79% |          62      8.30%     73.09% |          51      6.83%     79.92% |          49      6.56%     86.48% |          51      6.83%     93.31% |          50      6.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           2      0.52%      0.52% |           2      0.52%      1.04% |           2      0.52%      1.56% |           0      0.00%      1.56% |           2      0.52%      2.08% |         182     47.27%     49.35% |         182     47.27%     96.62% |           0      0.00%     96.62% |           2      0.52%     97.14% |           2      0.52%     97.66% |           2      0.52%     98.18% |           2      0.52%     98.70% |           2      0.52%     99.22% |           2      0.52%     99.74% |           1      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          385                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           3     27.27%     45.45% |           2     18.18%     63.64% |           2     18.18%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         522      3.49%      3.49% |         522      3.49%      6.98% |         522      3.49%     10.47% |         505      3.37%     13.84% |         522      3.49%     17.33% |        3836     25.64%     42.97% |        3836     25.64%     68.60% |         522      3.49%     72.09% |         522      3.49%     75.58% |         522      3.49%     79.07% |         522      3.49%     82.56% |         522      3.49%     86.05% |         522      3.49%     89.53% |         522      3.49%     93.02% |         522      3.49%     96.51% |         522      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        14963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4064948      6.14%      6.14% |     5333576      8.06%     14.20% |     6021365      9.10%     23.30% |     4070101      6.15%     29.45% |     4914591      7.43%     36.88% |           0      0.00%     36.88% |           0      0.00%     36.88% |     4668822      7.05%     43.93% |     5739424      8.67%     52.60% |     3504245      5.29%     57.90% |     5524651      8.35%     66.24% |     3669314      5.54%     71.79% |     3678518      5.56%     77.35% |     5589005      8.44%     85.79% |     4494023      6.79%     92.58% |     4908832      7.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     66181415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           4      0.53%      1.06% |           4      0.53%      1.59% |           4      0.53%      2.12% |           4      0.53%      2.65% |         350     46.36%     49.01% |         350     46.36%     95.36% |           4      0.53%     95.89% |           4      0.53%     96.42% |           4      0.53%     96.95% |           3      0.40%     97.35% |           4      0.53%     97.88% |           4      0.53%     98.41% |           4      0.53%     98.94% |           4      0.53%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           2      0.49%      0.49% |           2      0.49%      0.98% |           2      0.49%      1.47% |           2      0.49%      1.96% |           2      0.49%      2.44% |         189     46.21%     48.66% |         188     45.97%     94.62% |           2      0.49%     95.11% |           4      0.98%     96.09% |           2      0.49%     96.58% |           4      0.98%     97.56% |           3      0.73%     98.29% |           2      0.49%     98.78% |           2      0.49%     99.27% |           1      0.24%     99.51% |           2      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total          409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        2124      9.38%      9.38% |        1313      5.80%     15.18% |        1300      5.74%     20.92% |        1308      5.78%     26.70% |        2130      9.41%     36.11% |         150      0.66%     36.77% |         151      0.67%     37.44% |        2122      9.37%     46.82% |        1297      5.73%     52.54% |        1295      5.72%     58.26% |        1293      5.71%     63.98% |        1298      5.73%     69.71% |        1301      5.75%     75.46% |        1305      5.76%     81.22% |        2125      9.39%     90.61% |        2126      9.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        22638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      275922      7.00%      7.00% |      303287      7.69%     14.69% |      274900      6.97%     21.66% |      272071      6.90%     28.56% |      287374      7.29%     35.84% |           0      0.00%     35.84% |           0      0.00%     35.84% |      287480      7.29%     43.13% |      290862      7.38%     50.51% |      291859      7.40%     57.91% |      268956      6.82%     64.73% |      277365      7.03%     71.76% |      269746      6.84%     78.60% |      281025      7.13%     85.73% |      288967      7.33%     93.06% |      273814      6.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3943628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       20334      2.87%      2.87% |       77534     10.95%     13.82% |      116361     16.43%     30.25% |       20346      2.87%     33.12% |       58466      8.26%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |       39404      5.56%     46.94% |       96251     13.59%     60.54% |        2332      0.33%     60.87% |       78171     11.04%     71.90% |        2332      0.33%     72.23% |        2320      0.33%     72.56% |       96356     13.61%     86.17% |       39525      5.58%     91.75% |       58437      8.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       708169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       12012      7.47%      7.47% |       11520      7.16%     14.63% |       11582      7.20%     21.84% |       11378      7.08%     28.91% |       11508      7.16%     36.07% |           0      0.00%     36.07% |           0      0.00%     36.07% |       11442      7.12%     43.19% |       11461      7.13%     50.31% |       11385      7.08%     57.39% |       11485      7.14%     64.54% |       11312      7.03%     71.57% |       11422      7.10%     78.67% |       11441      7.12%     85.79% |       11287      7.02%     92.81% |       11565      7.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       160800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      435093      5.35%      5.35% |      696100      8.57%     13.92% |      885003     10.89%     24.81% |      440643      5.42%     30.24% |      617593      7.60%     37.84% |           0      0.00%     37.84% |           0      0.00%     37.84% |      556556      6.85%     44.69% |      800587      9.85%     54.54% |      296534      3.65%     58.19% |      768696      9.46%     67.65% |      344145      4.24%     71.88% |      353516      4.35%     76.23% |      781230      9.61%     85.85% |      520252      6.40%     92.25% |      629609      7.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      8125557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      329847      6.03%      6.03% |      445819      8.14%     14.17% |      506349      9.25%     23.42% |      330982      6.05%     29.46% |      408229      7.46%     36.92% |        3675      0.07%     36.99% |        3675      0.07%     37.05% |      387168      7.07%     44.13% |      482553      8.81%     52.94% |      277352      5.07%     58.01% |      464689      8.49%     66.50% |      294401      5.38%     71.87% |      295362      5.40%     77.27% |      467396      8.54%     85.81% |      369654      6.75%     92.56% |      407431      7.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5474582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       31235      3.68%      3.68% |       87998     10.38%     14.06% |      118947     14.02%     28.08% |       30660      3.61%     31.70% |       68601      8.09%     39.79% |           0      0.00%     39.79% |           0      0.00%     39.79% |       58642      6.91%     46.70% |      106525     12.56%     59.26% |        4791      0.56%     59.82% |       97714     11.52%     71.34% |       12588      1.48%     72.83% |       13017      1.53%     74.36% |       98937     11.66%     86.03% |       49936      5.89%     91.92% |       68570      8.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       848161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          52      2.92%      2.92% |          52      2.92%      5.85% |          52      2.92%      8.77% |          52      2.92%     11.70% |          52      2.92%     14.62% |         525     29.53%     44.15% |         525     29.53%     73.68% |          52      2.92%     76.60% |          52      2.92%     79.53% |          52      2.92%     82.45% |          52      2.92%     85.38% |          52      2.92%     88.30% |          52      2.92%     91.23% |          52      2.92%     94.15% |          52      2.92%     97.08% |          52      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       32534      3.73%      3.73% |       89234     10.24%     13.97% |      128129     14.70%     28.67% |       31908      3.66%     32.33% |       70159      8.05%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |       51033      5.86%     46.24% |      107895     12.38%     58.62% |       13903      1.60%     60.21% |       89845     10.31%     70.52% |       13830      1.59%     72.11% |       13923      1.60%     73.71% |      107982     12.39%     86.10% |       50999      5.85%     91.95% |       70184      8.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       871558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          75      4.22%      4.22% |          75      4.22%      8.44% |          75      4.22%     12.65% |          75      4.22%     16.87% |          75      4.22%     21.09% |         364     20.47%     41.56% |         364     20.47%     62.04% |          75      4.22%     66.25% |          75      4.22%     70.47% |          75      4.22%     74.69% |          75      4.22%     78.91% |          75      4.22%     83.13% |          75      4.22%     87.35% |          75      4.22%     91.56% |          75      4.22%     95.78% |          75      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        2513      9.03%      9.03% |        1703      6.12%     15.15% |        1700      6.11%     21.26% |        1699      6.11%     27.36% |        2519      9.05%     36.42% |           0      0.00%     36.42% |           0      0.00%     36.42% |        2514      9.03%     45.45% |        1688      6.07%     51.52% |        1695      6.09%     57.61% |        1684      6.05%     63.66% |        1688      6.07%     69.72% |        1690      6.07%     75.80% |        1704      6.12%     81.92% |        2515      9.04%     90.96% |        2516      9.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        27828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          23      7.23%      7.23% |          23      7.23%     14.47% |          23      7.23%     21.70% |          23      7.23%     28.93% |          21      6.60%     35.53% |           0      0.00%     35.53% |           0      0.00%     35.53% |          23      7.23%     42.77% |          23      7.23%     50.00% |          23      7.23%     57.23% |          23      7.23%     64.47% |          23      7.23%     71.70% |          23      7.23%     78.93% |          22      6.92%     85.85% |          22      6.92%     92.77% |          23      7.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       11761      7.72%      7.72% |       11332      7.44%     15.15% |        3440      2.26%     17.41% |       11178      7.33%     24.74% |       11000      7.22%     31.96% |         175      0.11%     32.08% |         175      0.11%     32.19% |       20099     13.19%     45.38% |       11139      7.31%     52.69% |        3312      2.17%     54.86% |       20404     13.39%     68.25% |       11118      7.30%     75.54% |       11564      7.59%     83.13% |        3435      2.25%     85.39% |       11273      7.40%     92.78% |       11000      7.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       152405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           4      0.53%      1.06% |           4      0.53%      1.59% |           4      0.53%      2.12% |           4      0.53%      2.65% |         350     46.36%     49.01% |         350     46.36%     95.36% |           4      0.53%     95.89% |           4      0.53%     96.42% |           4      0.53%     96.95% |           3      0.40%     97.35% |           4      0.53%     97.88% |           4      0.53%     98.41% |           4      0.53%     98.94% |           4      0.53%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          27      2.52%      2.52% |          27      2.52%      5.03% |          27      2.52%      7.55% |          27      2.52%     10.07% |          25      2.33%     12.40% |         350     32.62%     45.01% |         350     32.62%     77.63% |          27      2.52%     80.15% |          27      2.52%     82.67% |          27      2.52%     85.18% |          26      2.42%     87.60% |          27      2.52%     90.12% |          27      2.52%     92.64% |          26      2.42%     95.06% |          26      2.42%     97.48% |          27      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         1073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       43247      4.29%      4.29% |       99518      9.86%     14.15% |      130529     12.94%     27.09% |       42038      4.17%     31.25% |       80109      7.94%     39.19% |           0      0.00%     39.19% |           0      0.00%     39.19% |       70084      6.95%     46.14% |      117986     11.69%     57.83% |       16176      1.60%     59.44% |      109199     10.82%     70.26% |       23900      2.37%     72.63% |       24439      2.42%     75.05% |      110378     10.94%     85.99% |       61223      6.07%     92.06% |       80135      7.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1008961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        1598      5.75%      5.75% |        1496      5.39%     11.14% |        1747      6.29%     17.43% |        1329      4.79%     22.22% |        1695      6.10%     28.32% |        1401      5.05%     33.37% |        1501      5.41%     38.77% |        1400      5.04%     43.82% |        1535      5.53%     49.34% |        1238      4.46%     53.80% |        1433      5.16%     58.96% |        1421      5.12%     64.08% |        1370      4.93%     69.01% |        1470      5.29%     74.31% |        5691     20.49%     94.80% |        1444      5.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total        27769                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       54435      6.23%      6.23% |       54210      6.21%     12.44% |       54009      6.18%     18.62% |       54736      6.27%     24.89% |       54056      6.19%     31.08% |       54222      6.21%     37.29% |       54328      6.22%     43.51% |       54537      6.24%     49.75% |       54675      6.26%     56.01% |       54248      6.21%     62.22% |       54669      6.26%     68.48% |       55398      6.34%     74.83% |       55140      6.31%     81.14% |       55220      6.32%     87.46% |       55558      6.36%     93.82% |       53954      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       873395                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |        9486      6.21%      6.21% |        9624      6.30%     12.51% |        9627      6.30%     18.82% |        9503      6.22%     25.04% |        9571      6.27%     31.31% |        9491      6.21%     37.52% |        9465      6.20%     43.72% |        9610      6.29%     50.01% |        9473      6.20%     56.21% |        9475      6.20%     62.42% |        9496      6.22%     68.63% |        9431      6.18%     74.81% |        9420      6.17%     80.98% |        9385      6.15%     87.12% |       10116      6.62%     93.75% |        9550      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       152723                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |          28      3.71%      3.71% |          28      3.71%      7.42% |          56      7.42%     14.83% |          28      3.71%     18.54% |          28      3.71%     22.25% |          56      7.42%     29.67% |          56      7.42%     37.09% |          56      7.42%     44.50% |          56      7.42%     51.92% |          56      7.42%     59.34% |          69      9.14%     68.48% |          56      7.42%     75.89% |          56      7.42%     83.31% |          56      7.42%     90.73% |          42      5.56%     96.29% |          28      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       62913      6.24%      6.24% |       62826      6.23%     12.46% |       62588      6.20%     18.67% |       63175      6.26%     24.93% |       62566      6.20%     31.13% |       62596      6.20%     37.33% |       62673      6.21%     43.54% |       63030      6.25%     49.79% |       63029      6.25%     56.04% |       62592      6.20%     62.24% |       63060      6.25%     68.49% |       63709      6.31%     74.81% |       63498      6.29%     81.10% |       63527      6.30%     87.40% |       64680      6.41%     93.81% |       62499      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1008961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           4      7.14%      7.14% |           5      8.93%     16.07% |           1      1.79%     17.86% |           5      8.93%     26.79% |           2      3.57%     30.36% |           4      7.14%     37.50% |           4      7.14%     44.64% |           4      7.14%     51.79% |           6     10.71%     62.50% |           3      5.36%     67.86% |           1      1.79%     69.64% |           1      1.79%     71.43% |           6     10.71%     82.14% |           4      7.14%     89.29% |           5      8.93%     98.21% |           1      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |          16      5.67%      5.67% |          19      6.74%     12.41% |          17      6.03%     18.44% |          15      5.32%     23.76% |           9      3.19%     26.95% |          17      6.03%     32.98% |          20      7.09%     40.07% |          25      8.87%     48.94% |          26      9.22%     58.16% |          15      5.32%     63.48% |          17      6.03%     69.50% |          17      6.03%     75.53% |          21      7.45%     82.98% |          19      6.74%     89.72% |          18      6.38%     96.10% |          11      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total          282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       18236      6.27%      6.27% |       18080      6.22%     12.49% |       18012      6.20%     18.69% |       18132      6.24%     24.93% |       17975      6.18%     31.11% |       18118      6.23%     37.34% |       18175      6.25%     43.60% |       18197      6.26%     49.86% |       18320      6.30%     56.16% |       17910      6.16%     62.32% |       18132      6.24%     68.56% |       18140      6.24%     74.80% |       18286      6.29%     81.09% |       18358      6.32%     87.41% |       18375      6.32%     93.73% |       18236      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       290682                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |          20      5.92%      5.92% |          24      7.10%     13.02% |          18      5.33%     18.34% |          20      5.92%     24.26% |          11      3.25%     27.51% |          21      6.21%     33.73% |          24      7.10%     40.83% |          29      8.58%     49.41% |          32      9.47%     58.88% |          18      5.33%     64.20% |          18      5.33%     69.53% |          18      5.33%     74.85% |          27      7.99%     82.84% |          23      6.80%     89.64% |          23      6.80%     96.45% |          12      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total          338                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |           9     11.54%     11.54% |           7      8.97%     20.51% |           6      7.69%     28.21% |           4      5.13%     33.33% |           2      2.56%     35.90% |           4      5.13%     41.03% |           7      8.97%     50.00% |           5      6.41%     56.41% |           8     10.26%     66.67% |           1      1.28%     67.95% |           3      3.85%     71.79% |           3      3.85%     75.64% |           5      6.41%     82.05% |           6      7.69%     89.74% |           4      5.13%     94.87% |           4      5.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       63879      6.23%      6.23% |       63792      6.22%     12.46% |       63580      6.20%     18.66% |       64169      6.26%     24.92% |       63557      6.20%     31.12% |       63629      6.21%     37.33% |       63709      6.22%     43.54% |       64063      6.25%     49.79% |       64050      6.25%     56.04% |       63625      6.21%     62.25% |       64094      6.25%     68.50% |       64745      6.32%     74.82% |       64504      6.29%     81.11% |       64532      6.30%     87.40% |       65646      6.40%     93.81% |       63462      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1025036                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |        1302      6.30%      6.30% |        1330      6.44%     12.74% |        1457      7.05%     19.80% |        1247      6.04%     25.84% |        1316      6.37%     32.21% |        1288      6.24%     38.44% |        1261      6.11%     44.55% |        1260      6.10%     50.65% |        1330      6.44%     57.09% |        1134      5.49%     62.58% |        1232      5.97%     68.55% |        1232      5.97%     74.51% |        1204      5.83%     80.34% |        1274      6.17%     86.51% |        1470      7.12%     93.63% |        1316      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        20653                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        8470      6.32%      6.32% |        8218      6.13%     12.45% |        7980      5.95%     18.40% |        8359      6.24%     24.64% |        8120      6.06%     30.69% |        8316      6.20%     36.90% |        8386      6.26%     43.15% |        8415      6.28%     49.43% |        8514      6.35%     55.78% |        8316      6.20%     61.99% |        8414      6.28%     68.26% |        8457      6.31%     74.57% |        8638      6.44%     81.01% |        8582      6.40%     87.42% |        8428      6.29%     93.70% |        8442      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       134055                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        8464      6.22%      6.22% |        8532      6.27%     12.50% |        8575      6.31%     18.81% |        8526      6.27%     25.08% |        8539      6.28%     31.36% |        8514      6.26%     37.62% |        8528      6.27%     43.89% |        8522      6.27%     50.16% |        8476      6.23%     56.39% |        8460      6.22%     62.61% |        8486      6.24%     68.85% |        8451      6.22%     75.07% |        8444      6.21%     81.28% |        8502      6.25%     87.53% |        8477      6.23%     93.76% |        8478      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       135974                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |         282      3.99%      3.99% |         166      2.35%      6.35% |         290      4.11%     10.45% |          82      1.16%     11.61% |         379      5.37%     16.98% |         113      1.60%     18.58% |         240      3.40%     21.98% |         140      1.98%     23.97% |         191      2.71%     26.67% |          90      1.27%     27.95% |         201      2.85%     30.79% |         189      2.68%     33.47% |         166      2.35%     35.82% |         196      2.78%     38.60% |        4207     59.59%     98.19% |         128      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total         7060                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14     23.73%     23.73% |           0      0.00%     23.73% |           0      0.00%     23.73% |           0      0.00%     23.73% |           0      0.00%     23.73% |           0      0.00%     23.73% |          14     23.73%     47.46% |          14     23.73%     71.19% |           0      0.00%     71.19% |           0      0.00%     71.19% |           0      0.00%     71.19% |          17     28.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          14      4.33%      4.33% |          14      4.33%      8.67% |          14      4.33%     13.00% |          28      8.67%     21.67% |          28      8.67%     30.34% |          28      8.67%     39.01% |          28      8.67%     47.68% |          28      8.67%     56.35% |          28      8.67%     65.02% |          28      8.67%     73.68% |          15      4.64%     78.33% |          28      8.67%     87.00% |          14      4.33%     91.33% |          14      4.33%     95.67% |           0      0.00%     95.67% |          14      4.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          323                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |          28      3.71%      3.71% |          28      3.71%      7.42% |          56      7.42%     14.83% |          28      3.71%     18.54% |          28      3.71%     22.25% |          56      7.42%     29.67% |          56      7.42%     37.09% |          56      7.42%     44.50% |          56      7.42%     51.92% |          56      7.42%     59.34% |          69      9.14%     68.48% |          56      7.42%     75.89% |          56      7.42%     83.31% |          56      7.42%     90.73% |          42      5.56%     96.29% |          28      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |           9     11.54%     11.54% |           7      8.97%     20.51% |           6      7.69%     28.21% |           4      5.13%     33.33% |           2      2.56%     35.90% |           4      5.13%     41.03% |           7      8.97%     50.00% |           5      6.41%     56.41% |           8     10.26%     66.67% |           1      1.28%     67.95% |           3      3.85%     71.79% |           3      3.85%     75.64% |           5      6.41%     82.05% |           6      7.69%     89.74% |           4      5.13%     94.87% |           4      5.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |          14     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |          14     25.00%     50.00% |          14     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |          14     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       45895      6.22%      6.22% |       45922      6.23%     12.45% |       45917      6.23%     18.68% |       46279      6.28%     24.95% |       45838      6.22%     31.17% |       45766      6.21%     37.37% |       45802      6.21%     43.58% |       45982      6.23%     49.82% |       46007      6.24%     56.06% |       45778      6.21%     62.26% |       46115      6.25%     68.52% |       46801      6.35%     74.86% |       46390      6.29%     81.15% |       46509      6.31%     87.46% |       47060      6.38%     93.84% |       45442      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       737503                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        1008      6.14%      6.14% |        1078      6.56%     12.70% |        1038      6.32%     19.02% |         949      5.78%     24.80% |        1004      6.11%     30.91% |         949      5.78%     36.69% |         909      5.53%     42.22% |        1060      6.45%     48.67% |         969      5.90%     54.57% |         987      6.01%     60.58% |         995      6.06%     66.64% |         952      5.80%     72.43% |         962      5.86%     78.29% |         869      5.29%     83.58% |        1639      9.98%     93.56% |        1058      6.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        16426                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           4      7.14%      7.14% |           5      8.93%     16.07% |           1      1.79%     17.86% |           5      8.93%     26.79% |           2      3.57%     30.36% |           4      7.14%     37.50% |           4      7.14%     44.64% |           4      7.14%     51.79% |           6     10.71%     62.50% |           3      5.36%     67.86% |           1      1.79%     69.64% |           1      1.79%     71.43% |           6     10.71%     82.14% |           4      7.14%     89.29% |           5      8.93%     98.21% |           1      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |           7      3.43%      3.43% |          12      5.88%      9.31% |          11      5.39%     14.71% |          11      5.39%     20.10% |           7      3.43%     23.53% |          13      6.37%     29.90% |          13      6.37%     36.27% |          20      9.80%     46.08% |          18      8.82%     54.90% |          14      6.86%     61.76% |          14      6.86%     68.63% |          14      6.86%     75.49% |          16      7.84%     83.33% |          13      6.37%     89.71% |          14      6.86%     96.57% |           7      3.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total          204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       62913      6.24%      6.24% |       62826      6.23%     12.46% |       62588      6.20%     18.67% |       63175      6.26%     24.93% |       62566      6.20%     31.13% |       62596      6.20%     37.33% |       62673      6.21%     43.54% |       63030      6.25%     49.79% |       63029      6.25%     56.04% |       62592      6.20%     62.24% |       63060      6.25%     68.49% |       63709      6.31%     74.81% |       63498      6.29%     81.10% |       63527      6.30%     87.40% |       64680      6.41%     93.81% |       62499      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1008961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |          20      5.92%      5.92% |          24      7.10%     13.02% |          18      5.33%     18.34% |          20      5.92%     24.26% |          11      3.25%     27.51% |          21      6.21%     33.73% |          24      7.10%     40.83% |          29      8.58%     49.41% |          32      9.47%     58.88% |          18      5.33%     64.20% |          18      5.33%     69.53% |          18      5.33%     74.85% |          27      7.99%     82.84% |          23      6.80%     89.64% |          23      6.80%     96.45% |          12      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total          338                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |           9     11.54%     11.54% |           7      8.97%     20.51% |           6      7.69%     28.21% |           4      5.13%     33.33% |           2      2.56%     35.90% |           4      5.13%     41.03% |           7      8.97%     50.00% |           5      6.41%     56.41% |           8     10.26%     66.67% |           1      1.28%     67.95% |           3      3.85%     71.79% |           3      3.85%     75.64% |           5      6.41%     82.05% |           6      7.69%     89.74% |           4      5.13%     94.87% |           4      5.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        8470      6.32%      6.32% |        8218      6.13%     12.45% |        7980      5.95%     18.40% |        8359      6.24%     24.64% |        8120      6.06%     30.69% |        8316      6.20%     36.90% |        8386      6.26%     43.15% |        8415      6.28%     49.43% |        8514      6.35%     55.78% |        8316      6.20%     61.99% |        8414      6.28%     68.26% |        8457      6.31%     74.57% |        8638      6.44%     81.01% |        8582      6.40%     87.42% |        8428      6.29%     93.70% |        8442      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       134055                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1302      6.30%      6.30% |        1330      6.44%     12.74% |        1457      7.05%     19.80% |        1247      6.04%     25.84% |        1316      6.37%     32.21% |        1288      6.24%     38.44% |        1261      6.11%     44.55% |        1260      6.10%     50.65% |        1330      6.44%     57.09% |        1134      5.49%     62.58% |        1232      5.97%     68.55% |        1232      5.97%     74.51% |        1204      5.83%     80.34% |        1274      6.17%     86.51% |        1470      7.12%     93.63% |        1316      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        20653                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        8464      6.22%      6.22% |        8532      6.27%     12.50% |        8575      6.31%     18.81% |        8526      6.27%     25.08% |        8539      6.28%     31.36% |        8514      6.26%     37.62% |        8528      6.27%     43.89% |        8522      6.27%     50.16% |        8476      6.23%     56.39% |        8460      6.22%     62.61% |        8486      6.24%     68.85% |        8451      6.22%     75.07% |        8444      6.21%     81.28% |        8502      6.25%     87.53% |        8477      6.23%     93.76% |        8478      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       135974                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |          42      3.90%      3.90% |          42      3.90%      7.79% |          70      6.49%     14.29% |          56      5.19%     19.48% |          56      5.19%     24.68% |          84      7.79%     32.47% |          84      7.79%     40.26% |          84      7.79%     48.05% |          84      7.79%     55.84% |          84      7.79%     63.64% |          84      7.79%     71.43% |          84      7.79%     79.22% |          70      6.49%     85.71% |          70      6.49%     92.21% |          42      3.90%     96.10% |          42      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       63837      6.23%      6.23% |       63750      6.23%     12.46% |       63510      6.20%     18.66% |       64113      6.26%     24.92% |       63501      6.20%     31.13% |       63545      6.21%     37.33% |       63625      6.21%     43.54% |       63979      6.25%     49.79% |       63966      6.25%     56.04% |       63541      6.21%     62.25% |       64010      6.25%     68.50% |       64661      6.31%     74.81% |       64434      6.29%     81.10% |       64462      6.30%     87.40% |       65604      6.41%     93.81% |       63420      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1023958                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |          69      3.94%      3.94% |          70      4.00%      7.94% |          96      5.48%     13.42% |          95      5.43%     18.85% |          94      5.37%     24.21% |         138      7.88%     32.10% |         139      7.94%     40.03% |         138      7.88%     47.92% |         138      7.88%     55.80% |         140      8.00%     63.79% |         138      7.88%     71.67% |         138      7.88%     79.55% |         110      6.28%     85.84% |         109      6.23%     92.06% |          69      3.94%     96.00% |          70      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         1751                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           2      7.41%     11.11% |           3     11.11%     22.22% |           4     14.81%     37.04% |           2      7.41%     44.44% |           1      3.70%     48.15% |           2      7.41%     55.56% |           2      7.41%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           2      7.41%     70.37% |           2      7.41%     77.78% |           2      7.41%     85.19% |           3     11.11%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           2      7.41%     11.11% |           3     11.11%     22.22% |           4     14.81%     37.04% |           2      7.41%     44.44% |           1      3.70%     48.15% |           2      7.41%     55.56% |           2      7.41%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           2      7.41%     70.37% |           2      7.41%     77.78% |           2      7.41%     85.19% |           3     11.11%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          69      3.94%      3.94% |          70      4.00%      7.94% |          96      5.48%     13.42% |          95      5.43%     18.85% |          94      5.37%     24.21% |         138      7.88%     32.10% |         139      7.94%     40.03% |         138      7.88%     47.92% |         138      7.88%     55.80% |         140      8.00%     63.79% |         138      7.88%     71.67% |         138      7.88%     79.55% |         110      6.28%     85.84% |         109      6.23%     92.06% |          69      3.94%     96.00% |          70      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         1751                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
