
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.014445                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14445356500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                14445356500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   8746                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    15072                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2528248                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2279228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5713.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    49969502                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      86113483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2515520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2515520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0          896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total            896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        39305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              39305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    174140389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            174140389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               62027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    174202416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           174202416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      39305                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    39305                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2515520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2515520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                 896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             2426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             2550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  14443755500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                39305                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                  14                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  29143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        25146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.031496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.807732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.317365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        21105     83.93%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2231      8.87%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          413      1.64%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          204      0.81%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1121      4.46%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      0.23%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        25146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1246144750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1983113500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 196525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    31704.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               50454.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      174.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   174.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      1.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   14158                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                36.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    367347.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   36.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                84451920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                44883465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              139479900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        1008009600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           477864060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            29904960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4296783690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy      652860000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy       567121710                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7301736975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           505.472916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         13317101750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27779000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    426862000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2195766500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1700062000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    672132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9422755000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                95097660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                50545605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              141157800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        1022146320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           492184740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            37762080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4326022410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy      662676480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy       535764885                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7363459590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           509.745750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         13251027500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29206750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    432872000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2054826000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1725595250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    716114750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9486741750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2479680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2479680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1          704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total            704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        38745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              38745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    171659315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            171659315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        48735                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               48735                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    171708050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           171708050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      38745                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        11                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    38745                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2479616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2479680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                 704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             2362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             2393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  14444027500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                38745                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                  11                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  28949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.205626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.842557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.872603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20762     83.91%     83.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2208      8.92%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          382      1.54%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          180      0.73%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1136      4.59%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           63      0.25%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1178899000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1905349000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 193720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    30427.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               49177.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      171.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   171.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      1.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   13999                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                36.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    372691.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   36.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                82716900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                43961280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              137337900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        1009853520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           474080970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            31427520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4279205460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy      644803200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy       588958470                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7292544180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           504.836532                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         13322578000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31239000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    427708000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2260023250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1679330500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    662932250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9384123500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                93962400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                49942200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              139294260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        1023375600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           489684720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            38366400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4325733990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy      650821920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy       548187975                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7359575115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           509.476842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         13258774500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31377000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    433452000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2090005250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1694768000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    709615000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9486139250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2489408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2489408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        38897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              38897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    172332749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            172332749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        75318                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               75318                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    172408068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           172408068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      38897                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    38897                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2489408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2489408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             2396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             2385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             2593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             2471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             2534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             2286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             2382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             2557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            2395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            2474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            2589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            2507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            2275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  14443662500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                38897                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                  17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  28971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   6811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        24767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.507934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.175691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.346137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20647     83.36%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2328      9.40%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          414      1.67%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          188      0.76%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1118      4.51%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           61      0.25%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        24767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1194307750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1923626500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 194485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    30704.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               49454.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      172.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   172.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      1.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   14129                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                36.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    371168.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   36.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                82424160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                43805685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              137523540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        1004936400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy           473429460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy            30932640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4248553140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy      656897280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy       596586360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy            7275292185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           503.642238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime         13325237000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30768500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    425622000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2298453750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1710662250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    662915750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9316934250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                94419360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                50185080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              140201040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        1022146320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy           491153040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy            38754240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4339226460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy      627324000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy       555891360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy            7359538050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           509.474276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime         13263932250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32316500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    432920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2117311500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1633569750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    713434750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9515804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2497024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2497024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3          960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total            960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        39016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              39016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    172859978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            172859978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        66457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               66457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    172926435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           172926435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      39016                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                        15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    39016                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2496960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2497024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                 960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             2388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             2379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             2407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             2612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             2490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             2266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             2520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             2311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             2372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            2384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            2489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            2613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            2490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            2277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  14442549500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                39016                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                  15                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  29164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   6831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        25010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.833347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.770296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.678085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20994     83.94%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2231      8.92%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          408      1.63%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          194      0.78%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1114      4.45%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      0.24%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        25010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1175660500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1907191750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 195075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    30133.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               48883.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      172.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   172.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      1.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   14003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                35.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    370027.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   35.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                83587980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                44424270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              138323220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        1000019280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy           475923210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy            30153600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4254288480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy      643228800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy       597971520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy            7268192280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           503.150738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime         13319816500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28457000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    423494000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2317872750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1675051250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    670884750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9329596750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                94997700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                50488680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              140243880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        1016614560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy           491276160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy            37023360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4379981460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy      602170560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy       544581585                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy            7357762875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           509.351387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime         13264800500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28207000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    430496000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2097347000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1568065250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    716075000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9605166250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2497024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           2497024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        39016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              39016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4           20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4    172859978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total            172859978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4        88610                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               88610                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4    172948587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total           172948587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      39016                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        20                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    39016                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      20                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               2497024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                2497024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             2385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             2372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             2400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             2619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             2473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             2278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             2306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             2405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            2458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            2385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            2461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            2619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            2479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            2294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  14441853000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                39016                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                  20                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  29185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                   6804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                   1992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                    692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                    209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                     88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        24876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.373694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.073693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.147813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20777     83.52%     83.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2297      9.23%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383          414      1.66%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511          191      0.77%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1128      4.53%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      0.24%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        24876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1171717000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             1903267000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 195080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    30031.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               48781.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                      172.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                   172.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                      2.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   14138                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                36.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                    369962.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   36.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                83102460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                44170005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              138230400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        1009238880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy           476481810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy            31858560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4301432040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy      623264640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy       588636630                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy            7296526305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           505.112200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime         13316630750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32591000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF    427448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2261170750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1622916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    668032500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9433198250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                94526460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                50234415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              140343840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        1024604880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy           492487410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy            39681120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4305805650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy      660731520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy       552307620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy            7360722915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           509.556300                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime         13260036500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     34067500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF    433960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2098792250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1720606750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    715267500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9442662500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2510656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           2510656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5          896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total            896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        39229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              39229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5    173803672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total            173803672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5        62027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               62027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5    173865699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total           173865699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      39229                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    39229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               2510656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                2510656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                 896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             2402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             2388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             2418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             2621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             2259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             2559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             2304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             2550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            2480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            2409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            2486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            2628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            2500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            2294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  14442360500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                39229                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                  14                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  29204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                   6849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                   1972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                    768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                    271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                     89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        25047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.222462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.881892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.664644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127        21011     83.89%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2229      8.90%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383          403      1.61%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511          195      0.78%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1136      4.54%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767           61      0.24%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        25047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1182657500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             1918201250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 196145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    30147.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               48897.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                      173.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                   173.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                      1.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   14178                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                36.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                    368023.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   36.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                83880720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                44572275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              139030080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        1005551040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy           477624660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy            30174240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4352219610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy      621413280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy       552440625                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy            7307019540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           505.838609                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime         13317873500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27681000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF    425798000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2156503000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1618200750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    672685250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9544488500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                94983420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                50481090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              141064980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        1023375600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy           492430980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy            39198240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4352221320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy      631017120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy       543526290                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy            7368491820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           510.094113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime         13262751750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF    433410000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2075333750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1643211000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    716310250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9544351500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2515392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           2515392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6         1856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           1856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        39303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              39303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6           29                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                29                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6    174131528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total            174131528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6       128484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total              128484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6    174260012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total           174260012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      39303                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        29                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    39303                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      29                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               2515328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                2515392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                1856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             2403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             2416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             2430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             2511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             2545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             2311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             2383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             2559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            2471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            2437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            2497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            2622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            2512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            2290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  14442656000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                39303                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                  29                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  29175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                   6946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                   2066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                    693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                    256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                     96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        25183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.879442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.743681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.209597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127        21144     83.96%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2244      8.91%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383          402      1.60%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511          188      0.75%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1128      4.48%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      0.25%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        25183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1215977750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             1952890250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 196510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    30939.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               49689.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                      174.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                   174.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                      2.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   14118                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                35.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                    367198.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   35.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                84580440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                44955570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              139451340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        1011697440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy           479554110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy            30966240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4345883490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy      632215680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy       551379105                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy            7320732435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           506.787903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime         13312527500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29696250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF    428410000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2136110750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1646451000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    674406750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9530281750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                95233320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                50613915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              141164940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        1024604880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy           493592070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy            39179520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4344472740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy      643820160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy       539032395                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy            7371889980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           510.329355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime         13260588000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     33151250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF    433930000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2056535500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1676577250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    717650250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9527512250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2508160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           2508160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7         1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        39190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              39190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7    173630883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total            173630883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7        84179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               84179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7    173715062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total           173715062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      39190                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    39190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               2508160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                2508160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                1216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             2411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             2415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             2387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             2638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             2489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             2266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             2558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             2383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             2552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            2458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            2415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            2498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            2621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            2533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  14443813500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                39190                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                  19                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  29193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                   6815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                   2042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                    737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                    229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                     89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                     22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        25059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.090187                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.931419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.007743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20969     83.68%     83.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2293      9.15%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383          418      1.67%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511          196      0.78%     95.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1111      4.43%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767           61      0.24%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        25059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1187541750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             1922354250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 195950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    30302.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               49052.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                      173.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                   173.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                      1.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   14131                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                36.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                    368380.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   36.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                83752200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                44515350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              139065780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        1005551040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy           477281520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy            30110880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy     4298051370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy      639630240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy       574754985                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy            7292828655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           504.856225                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime         13320219750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28005000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF    425840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2228761000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1665629250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    671263000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9425858250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                95169060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                50583555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              140750820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        1025219520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy           493274010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy            38786880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4347468660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy      625376640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy       553290480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy            7370223465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           510.213988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime         13258499000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32436000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF    434226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2099428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1628627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    716739500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9533900000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                       20329601                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                   3055442                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                     5332421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses             5260535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts       430143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                    5260535                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads          10528402                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes          4518249                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads            3006259                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes           2344796                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                     1147142                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                    821319                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                   325823                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             6024219.308984                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             14305381.691016                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.703673                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.296327                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                          498668                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               22440      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                 4061286     76.16%     76.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                  12805      0.24%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.69%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.97%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                 806292     15.12%     93.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                323994      6.08%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.28%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                  5332421                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu01.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                103                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                       24476075                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   3459306                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                     5985853                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses             5913924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                72480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                     34438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts       480026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                    5913924                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                       72480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads          11803663                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes          5071822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads             122615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes             62397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            3280866                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           2593961                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     1382974                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                   1007274                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                   375700                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             3740060.372595                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             20736014.627405                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.847195                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.152805                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                          548618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass               22447      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                 4478830     74.82%     75.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                  12811      0.21%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   36971      0.62%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                 51820      0.87%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                 992243     16.58%     93.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                373871      6.25%     99.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead             15031      0.25%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                  5985853                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu02.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                127                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                       28890713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                   4549275                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                     7692273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses             7620172                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                72664                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                     34590                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts       603192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                    7620172                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                       72664                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          15169232                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes          6531532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads             122943                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes             62565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            3959327                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           3208703                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     2026765                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   1528011                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                   498754                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             28890712.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                          672146                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass               22475      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                 5541235     72.04%     72.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  12835      0.17%     72.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   36999      0.48%     72.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                 51964      0.68%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                1512964     19.67%     93.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                496925      6.46%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead             15047      0.20%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                  7692273                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu03.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                109                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                       24475266                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                   3682415                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                     6328988                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses             6257016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                72526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                     34476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts       504000                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                    6257016                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                       72526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          12484287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes          5366914                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads             122697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes             62439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            3413002                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           2713524                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     1515499                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                   1115887                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                   399612                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             3740622.111866                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             20734643.888134                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.847167                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.152833                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                          572717                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass               22454      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                 4689384     74.09%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  12817      0.20%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   36978      0.58%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                 51856      0.82%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                1100852     17.39%     93.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                397783      6.29%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead             15035      0.24%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                  6328988                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu04.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                121                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                       28675482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   4340772                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                     7376174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses             7304116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                72618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                     34552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       581704                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                    7304116                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                       72618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          14539168                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes          6258504                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads             122861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes             62523                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            3840881                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           3101532                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     1902274                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   1424981                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                   477293                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             213627.566868                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             28461854.433132                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.992550                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.007450                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                          650568                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               22468      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                 5349683     72.53%     72.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  12829      0.17%     73.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   36992      0.50%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                 51928      0.70%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                1409938     19.11%     93.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                475464      6.45%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead             15043      0.20%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                  7376174                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu05.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                121                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                       26778143                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   4224042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     7175367                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             7103309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                72618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                     34552                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       564888                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    7103309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                       72618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          14154554                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          6091327                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads             122861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes             62523                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            3748420                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           3017402                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     1835593                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                   1375168                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   460425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             1958092.955586                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             24820050.044414                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.926877                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.073123                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          633806                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass               22468      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 5215557     72.69%     73.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  12829      0.18%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   36992      0.52%     73.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                 51928      0.72%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                1360125     18.96%     93.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                458596      6.39%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead             15043      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  7175367                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu06.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                109                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                       28675749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   3923201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     6741201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             6669229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                72526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                     34476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       538286                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    6669229                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                       72526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          13274661                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          5710557                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads             122697                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes             62439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            3601580                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           2884940                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     1653152                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   1219266                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   433886                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             213364.542611                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             28462384.457389                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.992559                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.007441                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                          607013                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass               22454      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 4963944     73.64%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  12817      0.19%     74.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   36978      0.55%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                 51856      0.77%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                1204231     17.86%     93.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                432057      6.41%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead             15035      0.22%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                  6741201                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu07.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                       11654760                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   2610031                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     4610268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             4538383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       374797                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    4538383                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads           9119799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          3906784                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            2701907                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           2067939                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                      886981                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                    616620                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   270361                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             6953130.426227                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             4701629.573773                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.403409                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.596591                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                          443436                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 3599302     78.07%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.28%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.80%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.12%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 601593     13.05%     93.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                268532      5.82%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.33%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                  4610268                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu08.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                       18270733                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   2728124                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     4812618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             4740733                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       391649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    4740733                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads           9508052                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          4075432                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            2794525                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           2152331                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                      954656                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                    667309                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   287347                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             6716165.816622                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             11554567.183378                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.632409                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.367591                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                          460152                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 3733977     77.59%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.27%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.77%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.08%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                 652282     13.55%     93.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                285518      5.93%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.31%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                  4812618                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu09.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                115                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                       26572050                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   4038726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     6895955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             6823940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                72572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                     34514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       546100                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    6823940                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                       72572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          13596609                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes          5849586                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads             122779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes             62481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            3644821                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           2923737                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     1724768                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   1283098                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   441670                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             2132575.586419                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             24439474.413581                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.919744                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.080256                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                          614922                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass               22461      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                 5047026     73.19%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  12823      0.19%     73.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   36985      0.54%     74.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                 51892      0.75%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                1268059     18.39%     93.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                439841      6.38%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead             15039      0.22%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                  6895955                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                103                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                       24476081                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   3469677                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     6002327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             5930398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                72480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                     34438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       481246                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    5930398                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                       72480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads          11836020                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          5085854                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads             122615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes             62397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            3287572                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           2600069                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     1389085                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                   1012156                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   376929                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             3740056.206251                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             20736024.793749                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.847195                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.152805                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                          549831                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass               22447      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 4489193     74.79%     75.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  12811      0.21%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   36971      0.62%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                 51820      0.86%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 997125     16.61%     93.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                375100      6.25%     99.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead             15031      0.25%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                  6002327                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                       20302492                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   3050508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     5324723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             5252838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts       429589                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    5252838                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          10513289                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          4511655                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            3003198                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           2342063                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     1144269                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                    818965                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   325304                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             6035236.588840                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             14267255.411160                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.702734                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.297266                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                          498083                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 4056463     76.18%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  12804      0.24%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.69%     77.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      0.97%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                 803938     15.10%     93.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                323475      6.07%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.28%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                  5324723                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                115                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                       26604858                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   3982794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     6804860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             6732845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                72572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                     34514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       539068                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    6732845                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                       72572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          13419303                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          5772557                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads             122779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes             62481                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            3606129                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           2888609                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     1692211                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   1257542                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   434669                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             2104996.430257                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             24499861.569743                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.920879                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.079121                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                          607857                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass               22461      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                 4988488     73.31%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  12823      0.19%     73.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   36985      0.54%     74.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                 51892      0.76%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                1242503     18.26%     93.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                432840      6.36%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead             15039      0.22%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                  6804860                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 97                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                       20300779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   2855189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                     5030455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses             4958570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                72434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                     34400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts       409804                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                    4958570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                       72434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads           9925529                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          4256961                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads             122533                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes             62355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            2894384                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           2243089                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                     1027245                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                    721758                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                   305487                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             6035931.054630                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             14264847.945370                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.702675                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.297325                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                          478320                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               22439      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                 3879225     77.11%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  12798      0.25%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   36964      0.73%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                 51784      1.03%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                 706731     14.05%     93.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                303658      6.04%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead             15027      0.30%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite             1829      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                  5030455                       # Class of executed instruction
system.fpga0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.fpga0.clk_domain.clock                    3333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.fpga0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga0.numCycles                        4209231                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.fpga0.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.fpga0.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.fpga1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.fpga1.clk_domain.clock                    3333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.fpga1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.fpga1.numCycles                        3891040                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.fpga1.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.fpga1.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.piobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.piobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              835114                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             835114                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                470                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               470                       # Transaction distribution
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        58710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        58710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       108434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       108434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       231056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       231056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       132306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       132306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       209704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       209704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       192942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       192942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       166602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       166602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port         3512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        20228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        20228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       174284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       174284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       109646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       109646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        58128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        58128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       167220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       167220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        38396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        38396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_count::total                1671168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       234840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       234840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       433736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       433736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       924224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       924224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       529224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       529224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       838816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       838816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       771768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       771768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       666408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       666408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port        14048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port        80912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        80912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       697136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       697136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       438584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       438584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       232512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       232512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga0.control_port       668880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       668880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.fpga1.control_port       153584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       153584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.pkt_size::total                 6684672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.piobus.reqLayer0.occupancy           662305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.reqLayer1.occupancy           500380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer2.occupancy           61679500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer2.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer4.occupancy          113199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer4.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer6.occupancy          237116500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer6.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer8.occupancy          138575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer8.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer10.occupancy         218181000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer10.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer12.occupancy         199126500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer12.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer14.occupancy         176820500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer14.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer16.occupancy           3487000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer18.occupancy          21977000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer18.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer20.occupancy         182739000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer20.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer22.occupancy         114278500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer22.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer24.occupancy          61694000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer24.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer26.occupancy         171852500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer26.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.piobus.respLayer28.occupancy          42784500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.piobus.respLayer28.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                5609398                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 13.610366                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                11.943242                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 7.535755                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |      791852     14.12%     14.12% |     3557473     63.42%     77.54% |      385665      6.88%     84.41% |      639869     11.41%     95.82% |      234432      4.18%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  5609398                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     86187478                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000115                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000080                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.010731                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    86177552     99.99%     99.99% |        9926      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     86187478                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       86187478                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.665827                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.447381                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        13.789616                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    86173326     99.98%     99.98% |        6034      0.01%     99.99% |        5512      0.01%    100.00% |         380      0.00%    100.00% |        2189      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         86187478                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     85106707                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.701859                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.383100                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.270028                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    65195738     76.60%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |    19910969     23.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     85106707                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1080771                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    78.574712                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    51.783390                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    95.925474                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1066619     98.69%     98.69% |        6034      0.56%     99.25% |        5512      0.51%     99.76% |         380      0.04%     99.79% |        2189      0.20%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1080771                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1074214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44282                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1118496                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      4096762                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         1678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4098440                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1259534                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        69932                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1329466                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4631811                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses         1682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4633493                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1264909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        70062                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1334971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits      4645253                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses         1693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4646946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1072140                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43774                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1115914                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits      4090539                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses         1691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4092230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1510854                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        98456                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1609310                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits      5294338                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses         2518                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5296856                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits       974467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1008756                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits      3854799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses         1686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3856485                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits         7511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses          889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits         7511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses          889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1780535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses       131411                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1911946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      6014308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         1707                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6016015                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1368487                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        81568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1450055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4908078                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses         1679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4909757                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1676965                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses       121166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1798131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits      5760151                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses         2515                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5762666                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1626389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses       113442                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1739831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits      5593362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses         1692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5595054                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1472334                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        98226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1570560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits      5251472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses         1683                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5253155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits       868620                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17314                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       885934                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits      3504365                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses         1692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3506057                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits       918163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27088                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       945251                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits      3673303                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses         1694                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3674997                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1536478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses       101857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1638335                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits      5369055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses         2516                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5371571                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        47326                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        19688                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67014                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        47345                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        19530                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        66875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        51051                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        19651                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        70702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        48178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        19650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        67828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        47757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        19776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        67533                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        47735                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        19848                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        67583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        51473                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        19819                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        71292                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        46824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        19686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        66510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47425                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        19484                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        66909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        47490                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        19604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        67094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47465                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        19450                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        66915                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        46962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        19633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        66595                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        19694                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        66876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47428                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        19714                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        67142                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        19827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        67291                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        47187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        19425                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        66612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2053831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2053831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2068624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2053831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2053831                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3117516                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3117516                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3156174                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3117516                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3117516                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3736523                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3736523                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3790656                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3736523                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3736523                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      2365487                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      2365487                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2384947                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2365487                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      2365487                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3514198                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3514198                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3542866                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3514198                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3514198                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3218689                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3218689                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3252476                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3218689                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3218689                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3355763                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3355763                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3393004                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3355763                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3355763                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2586754                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2586754                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2610625                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2586754                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2586754                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3032497                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3032497                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3074949                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3032497                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3032497                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4008840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4008840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity      4067220                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity      4008840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4008840                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4199352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4199352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity      4262486                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity      4199352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4199352                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      3034701                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      3034701                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3073671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3034701                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      3034701                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2740145                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2740145                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2764469                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2740145                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2740145                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3121990                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3121990                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3163874                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3121990                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3121990                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3829384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3829384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3887641                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3829384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3829384                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2663669                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2663669                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2689003                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2663669                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2663669                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |     2430209     41.03%     41.03% |     2435137     41.11%     82.14% |     1057679     17.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total      5923025                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |     2430209     41.03%     41.03% |     2435137     41.11%     82.14% |     1057679     17.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total      5923025                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |    38960473                       |    28495929                       |     9728032                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |     5897186                       |     3219199                       |     1057679                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |   16.031738                       |   11.701982                       |    9.197528                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |    2.426617                       |    1.321979                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    13.031252                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency     1.717714                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency    14.748967                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5924193     39.51%     39.51% |     8013681     53.44%     92.95% |     1057679      7.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     14995553                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5924193     39.51%     39.51% |     8013681     53.44%     92.95% |     1057679      7.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     14995553                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |    97456072                       |    84513791                       |     9728032                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |    12885178                       |    11884987                       |     1057679                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |   16.450523                       |   10.546189                       |    9.197528                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |    2.175010                       |    1.483087                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    12.783650                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency     1.722367                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency    14.506016                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization     14995553                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization     14995553                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization     35583786                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     2.269757                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.595613     26.24%     26.24% |    0.208551      9.19%     35.43% |    0.060182      2.65%     38.08% |    0.055945      2.46%     40.55% |    0.923188     40.67%     81.22% |    0.119726      5.27%     86.49% |    0.068070      3.00%     89.49% |    0.071238      3.14%     92.63% |    0.138344      6.10%     98.73% |    0.010589      0.47%     99.19% |    0.009159      0.40%     99.60% |    0.009152      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       2.269757                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             2.372956                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14445356500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3172111                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        15.074223                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       12.649832                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        9.230535                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      543660     17.14%     17.14% |     1699330     53.57%     70.71% |       55578      1.75%     72.46% |      639007     20.14%     92.61% |      234429      7.39%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3172111                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2434211                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        11.708895                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       11.086368                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.658378                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      247310     10.16%     10.16% |      923127     37.92%     48.08% |      932864     38.32%     86.41% |      297925     12.24%     98.64% |       32120      1.32%     99.96% |         802      0.03%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2434211                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          3076                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         8.755527                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.346421                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.659553                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         204      6.63%      6.63% |         678     22.04%     28.67% |         933     30.33%     59.01% |         757     24.61%     83.62% |         347     11.28%     94.90% |         115      3.74%     98.63% |          33      1.07%     99.71% |           9      0.29%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            3076                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     13062718                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.544896                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.718285                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     26.483029                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    13055234     99.94%     99.94% |        3053      0.02%     99.97% |        2133      0.02%     99.98% |         336      0.00%     99.98% |        1927      0.01%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      13062718                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12185134                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.676351                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.366893                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.253636                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9437992     77.45%     77.45% |           0      0.00%     77.45% |           0      0.00%     77.45% |     2747142     22.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12185134                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       877584                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    59.259115                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.181537                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    85.584369                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      870100     99.15%     99.15% |        3053      0.35%     99.50% |        2133      0.24%     99.74% |         336      0.04%     99.78% |        1927      0.22%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       877584                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5422366                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.795895                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.549354                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     32.790407                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     5416583     99.89%     99.89% |        2524      0.05%     99.94% |        3043      0.06%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       5422366                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5247802                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.622488                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.333291                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.216541                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4158904     79.25%     79.25% |           0      0.00%     79.25% |           0      0.00%     79.25% |     1088898     20.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5247802                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       174564                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   162.320604                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   141.575122                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    91.441697                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      168781     96.69%     96.69% |        2524      1.45%     98.13% |        3043      1.74%     99.88% |          29      0.02%     99.89% |         185      0.11%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       174564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     66713722                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.784601                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.398489                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.992988                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    66693112     99.97%     99.97% |       19823      0.03%    100.00% |         264      0.00%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     66713722                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     66687596                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.721973                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.396016                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.282448                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50638724     75.93%     75.93% |           0      0.00%     75.93% |           0      0.00%     75.93% |    16048872     24.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     66687596                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        26126                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   161.644990                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.327735                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   104.644423                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5516     21.11%     21.11% |       19823     75.87%     96.99% |         264      1.01%     98.00% |         134      0.51%     98.51% |         164      0.63%     99.14% |         140      0.54%     99.67% |           7      0.03%     99.70% |           1      0.00%     99.71% |           2      0.01%     99.71% |          75      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        26126                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       988672                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.438590                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.049467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.959981                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      987091     99.84%     99.84% |        1483      0.15%     99.99% |          41      0.00%     99.99% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       988672                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       986175                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.079267                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.037308                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.481163                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      960118     97.36%     97.36% |           0      0.00%     97.36% |           0      0.00%     97.36% |       26057      2.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       986175                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2497                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.351221                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.657044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   107.283886                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         916     36.68%     36.68% |        1483     59.39%     96.08% |          41      1.64%     97.72% |          18      0.72%     98.44% |          13      0.52%     98.96% |          19      0.76%     99.72% |           6      0.24%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       39305     12.57%     12.57% |       38745     12.39%     24.96% |       38897     12.44%     37.40% |       39016     12.48%     49.88% |       39016     12.48%     62.35% |       39229     12.55%     74.90% |       39303     12.57%     87.47% |       39190     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       312701                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          14     10.07%     10.07% |          11      7.91%     17.99% |          17     12.23%     30.22% |          15     10.79%     41.01% |          20     14.39%     55.40% |          14     10.07%     65.47% |          29     20.86%     86.33% |          19     13.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          139                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       39305     12.57%     12.57% |       38745     12.39%     24.96% |       38897     12.44%     37.40% |       39016     12.48%     49.88% |       39016     12.48%     62.35% |       39229     12.55%     74.90% |       39303     12.57%     87.47% |       39190     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       312701                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |          14     10.07%     10.07% |          11      7.91%     17.99% |          17     12.23%     30.22% |          15     10.79%     41.01% |          20     14.39%     55.40% |          14     10.07%     65.47% |          29     20.86%     86.33% |          19     13.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total          139                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         116     14.74%     14.74% |          98     12.45%     27.19% |          90     11.44%     38.63% |         106     13.47%     52.10% |          88     11.18%     63.28% |          85     10.80%     74.08% |         107     13.60%     87.67% |          97     12.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       39305     12.57%     12.57% |       38745     12.39%     24.96% |       38897     12.44%     37.40% |       39016     12.48%     49.88% |       39016     12.48%     62.35% |       39229     12.55%     74.90% |       39303     12.57%     87.47% |       39190     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       312701                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |          14     10.07%     10.07% |          11      7.91%     17.99% |          17     12.23%     30.22% |          15     10.79%     41.01% |          20     14.39%     55.40% |          14     10.07%     65.47% |          29     20.86%     86.33% |          19     13.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total          139                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         116     14.74%     14.74% |          98     12.45%     27.19% |          90     11.44%     38.63% |         106     13.47%     52.10% |          88     11.18%     63.28% |          85     10.80%     74.08% |         107     13.60%     87.67% |          97     12.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       39305     12.57%     12.57% |       38745     12.39%     24.96% |       38897     12.44%     37.40% |       39016     12.48%     49.88% |       39016     12.48%     62.35% |       39229     12.55%     74.90% |       39303     12.57%     87.47% |       39190     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       312701                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |          14     10.07%     10.07% |          11      7.91%     17.99% |          17     12.23%     30.22% |          15     10.79%     41.01% |          20     14.39%     55.40% |          14     10.07%     65.47% |          29     20.86%     86.33% |          19     13.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total          139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      752289      5.76%      5.76% |      888519      6.80%     12.56% |     1286721      9.85%     22.41% |      973316      7.45%     29.86% |     1205022      9.22%     39.09% |        4200      0.03%     39.12% |        4200      0.03%     39.15% |     1172024      8.97%     48.12% |     1042410      7.98%     56.10% |      602911      4.62%     60.72% |      636749      4.87%     65.59% |     1098585      8.41%     74.00% |      892181      6.83%     80.83% |      750486      5.75%     86.58% |     1080061      8.27%     94.85% |      673044      5.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     13062718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4098441      6.14%      6.14% |     4633494      6.95%     13.09% |     6016016      9.02%     22.11% |     4909758      7.36%     29.47% |     5762667      8.64%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |     5595055      8.39%     46.49% |     5253156      7.87%     54.36% |     3506058      5.26%     59.62% |     3674998      5.51%     65.13% |     5371572      8.05%     73.18% |     4646947      6.97%     80.15% |     4092231      6.13%     86.28% |     5296857      7.94%     94.22% |     3856486      5.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     66713736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      366207      5.71%      5.71% |      440947      6.88%     12.59% |      625225      9.75%     22.34% |      476739      7.44%     29.78% |      593109      9.25%     39.03% |        4200      0.07%     39.10% |        4200      0.07%     39.16% |      567807      8.86%     48.02% |      528150      8.24%     56.26% |      283023      4.41%     60.67% |      308502      4.81%     65.48% |      539750      8.42%     73.90% |      442790      6.91%     80.81% |      365428      5.70%     86.51% |      529249      8.26%     94.76% |      335712      5.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6411038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          52      4.01%      4.01% |          51      3.93%      7.94% |          65      5.01%     12.94% |         109      8.40%     21.34% |          50      3.85%     25.19% |         189     14.56%     39.75% |         189     14.56%     54.31% |          62      4.78%     59.09% |          69      5.32%     64.41% |          56      4.31%     68.72% |          56      4.31%     73.04% |          83      6.39%     79.43% |          83      6.39%     85.82% |          62      4.78%     90.60% |          51      3.93%     94.53% |          71      5.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       44418      4.20%      4.20% |       70073      6.62%     10.82% |      131581     12.44%     23.26% |       81706      7.72%     30.99% |      122140     11.55%     42.54% |         153      0.01%     42.55% |         153      0.01%     42.56% |      113595     10.74%     53.30% |       98366      9.30%     62.60% |       17465      1.65%     64.25% |       27242      2.58%     66.83% |      102834      9.72%     76.55% |       70218      6.64%     83.19% |       43926      4.15%     87.34% |       99436      9.40%     96.74% |       34434      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1057740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          52      2.92%      2.92% |          52      2.92%      5.85% |          52      2.92%      8.77% |          52      2.92%     11.70% |          52      2.92%     14.62% |         525     29.53%     44.15% |         525     29.53%     73.68% |          52      2.92%     76.60% |          52      2.92%     79.53% |          52      2.92%     82.45% |          52      2.92%     85.38% |          52      2.92%     88.30% |          52      2.92%     91.23% |          52      2.92%     94.15% |          52      2.92%     97.08% |          52      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          20      6.41%      6.41% |          21      6.73%     13.14% |          24      7.69%     20.83% |          22      7.05%     27.88% |          23      7.37%     35.26% |           0      0.00%     35.26% |           0      0.00%     35.26% |          22      7.05%     42.31% |          22      7.05%     49.36% |          23      7.37%     56.73% |          20      6.41%     63.14% |          23      7.37%     70.51% |          23      7.37%     77.88% |          23      7.37%     85.26% |          23      7.37%     92.63% |          23      7.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       32896      3.76%      3.76% |       51912      5.93%      9.68% |      127816     14.59%     24.28% |       70168      8.01%     32.29% |      108670     12.41%     44.70% |           0      0.00%     44.70% |           0      0.00%     44.70% |      109300     12.48%     57.18% |       69934      7.99%     65.17% |       13901      1.59%     66.75% |       15049      1.72%     68.47% |       90085     10.29%     78.76% |       52052      5.94%     84.70% |       32224      3.68%     88.38% |       87999     10.05%     98.43% |       13758      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       875764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          75      4.22%      4.22% |          75      4.22%      8.44% |          75      4.22%     12.65% |          75      4.22%     16.87% |          75      4.22%     21.09% |         364     20.47%     41.56% |         364     20.47%     62.04% |          75      4.22%     66.25% |          75      4.22%     70.47% |          75      4.22%     74.69% |          75      4.22%     78.91% |          75      4.22%     83.13% |          75      4.22%     87.35% |          75      4.22%     91.56% |          75      4.22%     95.78% |          75      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       12965      6.41%      6.41% |       19602      9.70%     16.11% |        5200      2.57%     18.68% |       12978      6.42%     25.10% |       14909      7.37%     32.48% |         175      0.09%     32.56% |         175      0.09%     32.65% |        5733      2.84%     35.48% |       29874     14.78%     50.26% |        5003      2.47%     52.74% |       13634      6.74%     59.48% |       14186      7.02%     66.50% |       19601      9.70%     76.19% |       13139      6.50%     82.69% |       12873      6.37%     89.06% |       22115     10.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       202162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           7      0.91%      0.91% |           6      0.78%      1.70% |           3      0.39%      2.09% |           5      0.65%      2.74% |           4      0.52%      3.26% |         350     45.69%     48.96% |         350     45.69%     94.65% |           5      0.65%     95.30% |           5      0.65%     95.95% |           4      0.52%     96.48% |           7      0.91%     97.39% |           4      0.52%     97.91% |           4      0.52%     98.43% |           4      0.52%     98.96% |           4      0.52%     99.48% |           4      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          24      2.25%      2.25% |          25      2.34%      4.59% |          27      2.53%      7.12% |          26      2.44%      9.56% |          27      2.53%     12.09% |         350     32.80%     44.89% |         350     32.80%     77.69% |          26      2.44%     80.13% |          26      2.44%     82.57% |          27      2.53%     85.10% |          24      2.25%     87.35% |          27      2.53%     89.88% |          27      2.53%     92.41% |          27      2.53%     94.94% |          27      2.53%     97.47% |          27      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         1067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       43128      4.16%      4.16% |       68778      6.63%     10.79% |      130263     12.56%     23.36% |       80415      7.76%     31.12% |      120013     11.58%     42.69% |           0      0.00%     42.69% |           0      0.00%     42.69% |      112291     10.83%     53.52% |       97072      9.36%     62.89% |       16170      1.56%     64.45% |       25935      2.50%     66.95% |      100704      9.71%     76.66% |       68908      6.65%     83.31% |       42621      4.11%     87.42% |       97303      9.39%     96.80% |       33136      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1036737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       32972      3.76%      3.76% |       51988      5.93%      9.69% |      127894     14.58%     24.27% |       70244      8.01%     32.27% |      108746     12.40%     44.67% |         182      0.02%     44.69% |         182      0.02%     44.71% |      109378     12.47%     57.18% |       70010      7.98%     65.16% |       13977      1.59%     66.75% |       15125      1.72%     68.48% |       90161     10.28%     78.76% |       52130      5.94%     84.70% |       32300      3.68%     88.38% |       88076     10.04%     98.42% |       13834      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       877199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        1678      6.42%      6.42% |        1682      6.44%     12.86% |        1706      6.53%     19.39% |        1679      6.43%     25.82% |        2515      9.63%     35.45% |           0      0.00%     35.45% |           0      0.00%     35.45% |        1692      6.48%     41.92% |        1682      6.44%     48.36% |        1692      6.48%     54.84% |        1694      6.48%     61.32% |        2516      9.63%     70.95% |        1693      6.48%     77.43% |        1691      6.47%     83.91% |        2518      9.64%     93.55% |        1686      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        26124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       11304      6.41%      6.41% |       17938     10.17%     16.59% |        3514      1.99%     18.58% |       11318      6.42%     25.00% |       12414      7.04%     32.04% |         175      0.10%     32.14% |         175      0.10%     32.24% |        4060      2.30%     34.54% |       28210     16.00%     50.54% |        3331      1.89%     52.43% |       11957      6.78%     59.21% |       11690      6.63%     65.84% |       17928     10.17%     76.01% |       11468      6.50%     82.52% |       10375      5.88%     88.40% |       20449     11.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       176306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |          50      5.79%      5.79% |          49      5.68%     11.47% |          60      6.95%     18.42% |         104     12.05%     30.48% |          48      5.56%     36.04% |           0      0.00%     36.04% |           0      0.00%     36.04% |          51      5.91%     41.95% |          64      7.42%     49.36% |          51      5.91%     55.27% |          53      6.14%     61.41% |          80      9.27%     70.68% |          79      9.15%     79.84% |          57      6.60%     86.44% |          49      5.68%     92.12% |          68      7.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           2      0.52%      0.52% |           2      0.52%      1.04% |           0      0.00%      1.04% |           2      0.52%      1.56% |           2      0.52%      2.08% |         182     47.27%     49.35% |         182     47.27%     96.62% |           0      0.00%     96.62% |           2      0.52%     97.14% |           2      0.52%     97.66% |           2      0.52%     98.18% |           2      0.52%     98.70% |           0      0.00%     98.70% |           2      0.52%     99.22% |           1      0.26%     99.48% |           2      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          385                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           3     16.67%     33.33% |           3     16.67%     50.00% |           5     27.78%     77.78% |           2     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         522      3.48%      3.48% |         522      3.48%      6.97% |         522      3.48%     10.45% |         522      3.48%     13.94% |         522      3.48%     17.42% |        3836     25.61%     43.03% |        3836     25.61%     68.64% |         522      3.48%     72.12% |         522      3.48%     75.61% |         522      3.48%     79.09% |         522      3.48%     82.58% |         522      3.48%     86.06% |         522      3.48%     89.55% |         522      3.48%     93.03% |         522      3.48%     96.52% |         522      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        14980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4096762      6.14%      6.14% |     4631811      6.95%     13.09% |     6014308      9.02%     22.11% |     4908078      7.36%     29.47% |     5760151      8.64%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |     5593362      8.39%     46.49% |     5251472      7.87%     54.37% |     3504365      5.25%     59.62% |     3673303      5.51%     65.13% |     5369055      8.05%     73.18% |     4645253      6.97%     80.15% |     4090539      6.13%     86.28% |     5294338      7.94%     94.22% |     3854799      5.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     66687596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           4      0.53%      1.06% |           3      0.40%      1.46% |           4      0.53%      1.99% |           4      0.53%      2.52% |         350     46.36%     48.87% |         350     46.36%     95.23% |           4      0.53%     95.76% |           4      0.53%     96.29% |           4      0.53%     96.82% |           4      0.53%     97.35% |           4      0.53%     97.88% |           4      0.53%     98.41% |           4      0.53%     98.94% |           4      0.53%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           2      0.46%      0.46% |           2      0.46%      0.93% |           5      1.16%      2.08% |           5      1.16%      3.24% |           2      0.46%      3.70% |         189     43.75%     47.45% |         189     43.75%     91.20% |          11      2.55%     93.75% |           5      1.16%     94.91% |           3      0.69%     95.60% |           3      0.69%     96.30% |           3      0.69%     96.99% |           4      0.93%     97.92% |           5      1.16%     99.07% |           2      0.46%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total          432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        1290      6.15%      6.15% |        1295      6.17%     12.32% |        1315      6.27%     18.58% |        1291      6.15%     24.74% |        2127     10.14%     34.87% |         150      0.71%     35.59% |         150      0.71%     36.30% |        1299      6.19%     42.49% |        1292      6.16%     48.65% |        1295      6.17%     54.82% |        1307      6.23%     61.05% |        2130     10.15%     71.20% |        1308      6.23%     77.43% |        1305      6.22%     83.65% |        2133     10.16%     93.81% |        1298      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        20985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      281430      7.27%      7.27% |      270837      6.99%     14.26% |      274610      7.09%     21.35% |      267009      6.90%     28.25% |      260929      6.74%     34.99% |           0      0.00%     34.99% |           0      0.00%     34.99% |      272700      7.04%     42.03% |      271764      7.02%     49.05% |      288632      7.45%     56.50% |      276775      7.15%     63.65% |      285510      7.37%     71.02% |      272859      7.05%     78.07% |      277358      7.16%     85.23% |      288927      7.46%     92.70% |      282835      7.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3872175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21308      3.00%      3.00% |       40023      5.64%      8.64% |      116141     16.36%     25.00% |       58413      8.23%     33.23% |       96363     13.57%     46.80% |           0      0.00%     46.80% |           0      0.00%     46.80% |       96484     13.59%     60.39% |       58356      8.22%     68.61% |        2330      0.33%     68.94% |        2331      0.33%     69.27% |       78491     11.06%     80.32% |       40394      5.69%     86.01% |       20619      2.90%     88.92% |       76351     10.75%     99.67% |        2324      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       709928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       11399      6.98%      6.98% |       11716      7.18%     14.16% |       11489      7.04%     21.20% |       11567      7.09%     28.28% |       12123      7.43%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |       12630      7.74%     43.45% |       11392      6.98%     50.43% |       11383      6.97%     57.40% |       12532      7.68%     65.08% |       11409      6.99%     72.07% |       11473      7.03%     79.09% |       11418      6.99%     86.09% |       11462      7.02%     93.11% |       11248      6.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       163241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      437363      5.27%      5.27% |      565170      6.81%     12.08% |      883695     10.65%     22.73% |      635539      7.66%     30.39% |      834823     10.06%     40.45% |           0      0.00%     40.45% |           0      0.00%     40.45% |      789424      9.51%     49.96% |      700112      8.44%     58.40% |      299778      3.61%     62.01% |      344325      4.15%     66.16% |      722390      8.71%     74.87% |      566670      6.83%     81.70% |      440304      5.31%     87.00% |      702535      8.47%     95.47% |      375851      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      8297979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      333591      6.04%      6.04% |      382982      6.93%     12.97% |      505567      9.15%     22.12% |      407004      7.37%     29.49% |      484328      8.77%     38.26% |        3675      0.07%     38.33% |        3675      0.07%     38.39% |      467259      8.46%     46.85% |      441580      7.99%     54.84% |      277358      5.02%     59.87% |      294210      5.33%     65.19% |      449565      8.14%     73.33% |      384464      6.96%     80.29% |      333337      6.03%     86.32% |      442519      8.01%     94.34% |      312935      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5524049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       31729      3.63%      3.63% |       57062      6.53%     10.17% |      118774     13.60%     23.76% |       68848      7.88%     31.64% |      107890     12.35%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |       99661     11.41%     55.41% |       85680      9.81%     65.21% |        4787      0.55%     65.76% |       13403      1.53%     67.30% |       89295     10.22%     77.52% |       57435      6.58%     84.09% |       31203      3.57%     87.67% |       85841      9.83%     97.49% |       21888      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       873496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          52      2.92%      2.92% |          52      2.92%      5.85% |          52      2.92%      8.77% |          52      2.92%     11.70% |          52      2.92%     14.62% |         525     29.53%     44.15% |         525     29.53%     73.68% |          52      2.92%     76.60% |          52      2.92%     79.53% |          52      2.92%     82.45% |          52      2.92%     85.38% |          52      2.92%     88.30% |          52      2.92%     91.23% |          52      2.92%     94.15% |          52      2.92%     97.08% |          52      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       32896      3.76%      3.76% |       51912      5.93%      9.68% |      127816     14.59%     24.28% |       70168      8.01%     32.29% |      108670     12.41%     44.70% |           0      0.00%     44.70% |           0      0.00%     44.70% |      109300     12.48%     57.18% |       69934      7.99%     65.17% |       13901      1.59%     66.75% |       15049      1.72%     68.47% |       90085     10.29%     78.76% |       52052      5.94%     84.70% |       32224      3.68%     88.38% |       87999     10.05%     98.43% |       13758      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       875764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          75      4.22%      4.22% |          75      4.22%      8.44% |          75      4.22%     12.65% |          75      4.22%     16.87% |          75      4.22%     21.09% |         364     20.47%     41.56% |         364     20.47%     62.04% |          75      4.22%     66.25% |          75      4.22%     70.47% |          75      4.22%     74.69% |          75      4.22%     78.91% |          75      4.22%     83.13% |          75      4.22%     87.35% |          75      4.22%     91.56% |          75      4.22%     95.78% |          75      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        1681      6.42%      6.42% |        1685      6.44%     12.86% |        1710      6.53%     19.40% |        1682      6.43%     25.83% |        2518      9.62%     35.45% |           0      0.00%     35.45% |           0      0.00%     35.45% |        1695      6.48%     41.93% |        1686      6.44%     48.37% |        1695      6.48%     54.85% |        1697      6.49%     61.33% |        2519      9.63%     70.96% |        1696      6.48%     77.44% |        1694      6.47%     83.91% |        2521      9.63%     93.55% |        1689      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        26168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          20      6.41%      6.41% |          21      6.73%     13.14% |          24      7.69%     20.83% |          22      7.05%     27.88% |          23      7.37%     35.26% |           0      0.00%     35.26% |           0      0.00%     35.26% |          22      7.05%     42.31% |          22      7.05%     49.36% |          23      7.37%     56.73% |          20      6.41%     63.14% |          23      7.37%     70.51% |          23      7.37%     77.88% |          23      7.37%     85.26% |          23      7.37%     92.63% |          23      7.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       11284      6.41%      6.41% |       17917     10.18%     16.59% |        3490      1.98%     18.58% |       11296      6.42%     24.99% |       12391      7.04%     32.03% |         175      0.10%     32.13% |         175      0.10%     32.23% |        4038      2.29%     34.53% |       28188     16.02%     50.54% |        3308      1.88%     52.42% |       11937      6.78%     59.21% |       11667      6.63%     65.84% |       17905     10.17%     76.01% |       11445      6.50%     82.51% |       10352      5.88%     88.39% |       20426     11.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       175994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           3     27.27%     27.27% |           2     18.18%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           4      0.53%      0.53% |           4      0.53%      1.06% |           3      0.40%      1.46% |           4      0.53%      1.99% |           4      0.53%      2.52% |         350     46.36%     48.87% |         350     46.36%     95.23% |           4      0.53%     95.76% |           4      0.53%     96.29% |           4      0.53%     96.82% |           4      0.53%     97.35% |           4      0.53%     97.88% |           4      0.53%     98.41% |           4      0.53%     98.94% |           4      0.53%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          24      2.25%      2.25% |          25      2.34%      4.59% |          27      2.53%      7.12% |          26      2.44%      9.56% |          27      2.53%     12.09% |         350     32.80%     44.89% |         350     32.80%     77.69% |          26      2.44%     80.13% |          26      2.44%     82.57% |          27      2.53%     85.10% |          24      2.25%     87.35% |          27      2.53%     89.88% |          27      2.53%     92.41% |          27      2.53%     94.94% |          27      2.53%     97.47% |          27      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         1067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       43128      4.16%      4.16% |       68778      6.63%     10.79% |      130263     12.56%     23.36% |       80415      7.76%     31.12% |      120013     11.58%     42.69% |           0      0.00%     42.69% |           0      0.00%     42.69% |      112291     10.83%     53.52% |       97072      9.36%     62.89% |       16170      1.56%     64.45% |       25935      2.50%     66.95% |      100704      9.71%     76.66% |       68908      6.65%     83.31% |       42621      4.11%     87.42% |       97303      9.39%     96.80% |       33136      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1036737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        1575      6.03%      6.03% |        1486      5.69%     11.72% |        1739      6.66%     18.37% |        1324      5.07%     23.44% |        1736      6.64%     30.08% |        1396      5.34%     35.43% |        1501      5.75%     41.17% |        1415      5.42%     46.59% |        1538      5.89%     52.48% |        1240      4.75%     57.22% |        1437      5.50%     62.72% |        1416      5.42%     68.14% |        1367      5.23%     73.38% |        1445      5.53%     78.91% |        4068     15.57%     94.48% |        1443      5.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total        26126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       54552      6.22%      6.22% |       54334      6.19%     12.41% |       54115      6.17%     18.57% |       54824      6.25%     24.82% |       54152      6.17%     30.99% |       54252      6.18%     37.17% |       54475      6.21%     43.38% |       54664      6.23%     49.61% |       54817      6.25%     55.86% |       54415      6.20%     62.06% |       57085      6.50%     68.56% |       55532      6.33%     74.89% |       55301      6.30%     81.19% |       55321      6.30%     87.49% |       55672      6.34%     93.84% |       54073      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       877584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       10859      6.16%      6.16% |       11027      6.25%     12.41% |       10999      6.24%     18.65% |       10918      6.19%     24.84% |       10999      6.24%     31.08% |       10891      6.18%     37.26% |       10844      6.15%     43.41% |       11007      6.24%     49.65% |       10880      6.17%     55.83% |       10901      6.18%     62.01% |       12111      6.87%     68.88% |       10824      6.14%     75.02% |       10809      6.13%     81.15% |       10761      6.10%     87.25% |       11510      6.53%     93.78% |       10966      6.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       176306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |          28      3.71%      3.71% |          28      3.71%      7.42% |          56      7.42%     14.83% |          28      3.71%     18.54% |          28      3.71%     22.25% |          56      7.42%     29.67% |          56      7.42%     37.09% |          56      7.42%     44.50% |          56      7.42%     51.92% |          56      7.42%     59.34% |          69      9.14%     68.48% |          56      7.42%     75.89% |          56      7.42%     83.31% |          56      7.42%     90.73% |          42      5.56%     96.29% |          28      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       64403      6.21%      6.21% |       64353      6.21%     12.42% |       64066      6.18%     18.60% |       64678      6.24%     24.84% |       64089      6.18%     31.02% |       64024      6.18%     37.19% |       64199      6.19%     43.39% |       64554      6.23%     49.61% |       64574      6.23%     55.84% |       64185      6.19%     62.03% |       68090      6.57%     68.60% |       65236      6.29%     74.89% |       65046      6.27%     81.17% |       65020      6.27%     87.44% |       66188      6.38%     93.82% |       64032      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1036737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           8      5.84%      5.84% |           7      5.11%     10.95% |          10      7.30%     18.25% |           8      5.84%     24.09% |           9      6.57%     30.66% |           7      5.11%     35.77% |          13      9.49%     45.26% |           6      4.38%     49.64% |           6      4.38%     54.01% |           4      2.92%     56.93% |           6      4.38%     61.31% |           6      4.38%     65.69% |          11      8.03%     73.72% |           7      5.11%     78.83% |          16     11.68%     90.51% |          13      9.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total          137                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |          52      6.59%      6.59% |          51      6.46%     13.05% |          52      6.59%     19.65% |          54      6.84%     26.49% |          38      4.82%     31.31% |          43      5.45%     36.76% |          55      6.97%     43.73% |          56      7.10%     50.82% |          64      8.11%     58.94% |          47      5.96%     64.89% |          39      4.94%     69.84% |          53      6.72%     76.55% |          50      6.34%     82.89% |          42      5.32%     88.21% |          52      6.59%     94.80% |          41      5.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total          789                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       19618      6.27%      6.27% |       19460      6.22%     12.50% |       19386      6.20%     18.70% |       19506      6.24%     24.93% |       19352      6.19%     31.12% |       19493      6.23%     37.36% |       19554      6.25%     43.61% |       19574      6.26%     49.87% |       19687      6.30%     56.17% |       19285      6.17%     62.33% |       19511      6.24%     68.57% |       19510      6.24%     74.81% |       19664      6.29%     81.10% |       19736      6.31%     87.41% |       19749      6.32%     93.73% |       19616      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       312701                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |          60      6.48%      6.48% |          58      6.26%     12.74% |          62      6.70%     19.44% |          62      6.70%     26.13% |          47      5.08%     31.21% |          50      5.40%     36.61% |          68      7.34%     43.95% |          62      6.70%     50.65% |          70      7.56%     58.21% |          51      5.51%     63.71% |          45      4.86%     68.57% |          59      6.37%     74.95% |          61      6.59%     81.53% |          49      5.29%     86.83% |          68      7.34%     94.17% |          54      5.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total          926                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          70      3.93%      3.93% |          70      3.93%      7.87% |          99      5.56%     13.43% |          98      5.51%     18.93% |          98      5.51%     24.44% |         140      7.87%     32.30% |         140      7.87%     40.17% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.90% |         140      7.87%     63.76% |         140      7.87%     71.63% |         141      7.92%     79.55% |         112      6.29%     85.84% |         112      6.29%     92.13% |          70      3.93%     96.07% |          70      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1780                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          14      6.42%      6.42% |          17      7.80%     14.22% |          15      6.88%     21.10% |          17      7.80%     28.90% |           9      4.13%     33.03% |          14      6.42%     39.45% |          15      6.88%     46.33% |          16      7.34%     53.67% |          14      6.42%     60.09% |          12      5.50%     65.60% |           6      2.75%     68.35% |          14      6.42%     74.77% |          17      7.80%     82.57% |          13      5.96%     88.53% |          15      6.88%     95.41% |          10      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          218                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       65369      6.21%      6.21% |       65319      6.20%     12.41% |       65058      6.18%     18.59% |       65672      6.24%     24.83% |       65081      6.18%     31.01% |       65059      6.18%     37.19% |       65235      6.20%     43.39% |       65587      6.23%     49.62% |       65599      6.23%     55.85% |       65218      6.19%     62.04% |       69125      6.57%     68.61% |       66272      6.29%     74.90% |       66054      6.27%     81.18% |       66026      6.27%     87.45% |       67154      6.38%     93.83% |       64997      6.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1052825                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |        1303      6.31%      6.31% |        1330      6.44%     12.75% |        1456      7.05%     19.80% |        1246      6.03%     25.83% |        1316      6.37%     32.20% |        1288      6.24%     38.44% |        1261      6.11%     44.54% |        1260      6.10%     50.64% |        1330      6.44%     57.08% |        1134      5.49%     62.57% |        1232      5.96%     68.54% |        1233      5.97%     74.51% |        1204      5.83%     80.34% |        1274      6.17%     86.51% |        1470      7.12%     93.62% |        1317      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        20654                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        8470      6.32%      6.32% |        8219      6.13%     12.45% |        7980      5.95%     18.40% |        8359      6.24%     24.64% |        8120      6.06%     30.70% |        8316      6.20%     36.90% |        8386      6.26%     43.15% |        8414      6.28%     49.43% |        8512      6.35%     55.78% |        8316      6.20%     61.98% |        8414      6.28%     68.26% |        8456      6.31%     74.57% |        8638      6.44%     81.01% |        8582      6.40%     87.42% |        8428      6.29%     93.70% |        8442      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       134052                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        9845      6.23%      6.23% |        9911      6.27%     12.50% |        9950      6.30%     18.80% |        9901      6.27%     25.07% |        9916      6.28%     31.34% |        9889      6.26%     37.60% |        9907      6.27%     43.87% |        9900      6.27%     50.14% |        9845      6.23%     56.37% |        9835      6.22%     62.60% |        9865      6.24%     68.84% |        9821      6.22%     75.06% |        9822      6.22%     81.27% |        9880      6.25%     87.53% |        9851      6.24%     93.76% |        9857      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       157995                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |         258      4.76%      4.76% |         156      2.88%      7.64% |         283      5.23%     12.87% |          78      1.44%     14.31% |         420      7.75%     22.06% |         108      1.99%     24.06% |         240      4.43%     28.49% |         155      2.86%     31.35% |         194      3.58%     34.93% |          92      1.70%     36.63% |         205      3.79%     40.42% |         183      3.38%     43.80% |         163      3.01%     46.81% |         171      3.16%     49.96% |        2584     47.71%     97.67% |         126      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total         5416                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          14     33.33%     66.67% |          14     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          14      4.33%      4.33% |          14      4.33%      8.67% |          14      4.33%     13.00% |          28      8.67%     21.67% |          28      8.67%     30.34% |          28      8.67%     39.01% |          28      8.67%     47.68% |          28      8.67%     56.35% |          28      8.67%     65.02% |          28      8.67%     73.68% |          15      4.64%     78.33% |          28      8.67%     87.00% |          14      4.33%     91.33% |          14      4.33%     95.67% |           0      0.00%     95.67% |          14      4.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          323                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |          28      3.71%      3.71% |          28      3.71%      7.42% |          56      7.42%     14.83% |          28      3.71%     18.54% |          28      3.71%     22.25% |          56      7.42%     29.67% |          56      7.42%     37.09% |          56      7.42%     44.50% |          56      7.42%     51.92% |          56      7.42%     59.34% |          69      9.14%     68.48% |          56      7.42%     75.89% |          56      7.42%     83.31% |          56      7.42%     90.73% |          42      5.56%     96.29% |          28      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |          14      6.45%      6.45% |          17      7.83%     14.29% |          15      6.91%     21.20% |          17      7.83%     29.03% |           9      4.15%     33.18% |          14      6.45%     39.63% |          15      6.91%     46.54% |          16      7.37%     53.92% |          14      6.45%     60.37% |          12      5.53%     65.90% |           5      2.30%     68.20% |          14      6.45%     74.65% |          17      7.83%     82.49% |          13      5.99%     88.48% |          15      6.91%     95.39% |          10      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total          217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |          14     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |          14     25.00%     50.00% |          14     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |          14     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       46012      6.20%      6.20% |       46045      6.21%     12.41% |       46023      6.20%     18.62% |       46367      6.25%     24.87% |       45934      6.19%     31.06% |       45796      6.17%     37.24% |       45949      6.19%     43.43% |       46110      6.22%     49.65% |       46151      6.22%     55.87% |       45945      6.19%     62.06% |       48531      6.54%     68.61% |       46936      6.33%     74.93% |       46551      6.28%     81.21% |       46627      6.29%     87.50% |       47174      6.36%     93.86% |       45561      6.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       741712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        1000      5.56%      5.56% |        1102      6.13%     11.69% |        1035      5.75%     17.44% |         989      5.50%     22.94% |        1055      5.87%     28.80% |         974      5.41%     34.22% |         909      5.05%     39.27% |        1079      6.00%     45.27% |        1007      5.60%     50.87% |        1038      5.77%     56.64% |        2231     12.40%     69.04% |         975      5.42%     74.46% |         973      5.41%     79.87% |         867      4.82%     84.69% |        1659      9.22%     93.91% |        1095      6.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        17988                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           8      5.84%      5.84% |           7      5.11%     10.95% |          10      7.30%     18.25% |           8      5.84%     24.09% |           9      6.57%     30.66% |           7      5.11%     35.77% |          13      9.49%     45.26% |           6      4.38%     49.64% |           6      4.38%     54.01% |           4      2.92%     56.93% |           6      4.38%     61.31% |           6      4.38%     65.69% |          11      8.03%     73.72% |           7      5.11%     78.83% |          16     11.68%     90.51% |          13      9.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total          137                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |          38      6.68%      6.68% |          34      5.98%     12.65% |          36      6.33%     18.98% |          37      6.50%     25.48% |          29      5.10%     30.58% |          29      5.10%     35.68% |          40      7.03%     42.71% |          40      7.03%     49.74% |          50      8.79%     58.52% |          35      6.15%     64.67% |          33      5.80%     70.47% |          38      6.68%     77.15% |          33      5.80%     82.95% |          29      5.10%     88.05% |          37      6.50%     94.55% |          31      5.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total          569                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          70      3.94%      3.94% |          70      3.94%      7.87% |          98      5.51%     13.39% |          98      5.51%     18.90% |          98      5.51%     24.41% |         140      7.87%     32.28% |         140      7.87%     40.16% |         140      7.87%     48.03% |         140      7.87%     55.91% |         140      7.87%     63.78% |         140      7.87%     71.65% |         140      7.87%     79.53% |         112      6.30%     85.83% |         112      6.30%     92.13% |          70      3.94%     96.06% |          70      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         1778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       64403      6.21%      6.21% |       64353      6.21%     12.42% |       64066      6.18%     18.60% |       64678      6.24%     24.84% |       64089      6.18%     31.02% |       64024      6.18%     37.19% |       64199      6.19%     43.39% |       64554      6.23%     49.61% |       64574      6.23%     55.84% |       64185      6.19%     62.03% |       68090      6.57%     68.60% |       65236      6.29%     74.89% |       65046      6.27%     81.17% |       65020      6.27%     87.44% |       66188      6.38%     93.82% |       64032      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1036737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |          60      6.48%      6.48% |          58      6.26%     12.74% |          62      6.70%     19.44% |          62      6.70%     26.13% |          47      5.08%     31.21% |          50      5.40%     36.61% |          68      7.34%     43.95% |          62      6.70%     50.65% |          70      7.56%     58.21% |          51      5.51%     63.71% |          45      4.86%     68.57% |          59      6.37%     74.95% |          61      6.59%     81.53% |          49      5.29%     86.83% |          68      7.34%     94.17% |          54      5.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total          926                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |          14      6.45%      6.45% |          17      7.83%     14.29% |          15      6.91%     21.20% |          17      7.83%     29.03% |           9      4.15%     33.18% |          14      6.45%     39.63% |          15      6.91%     46.54% |          16      7.37%     53.92% |          14      6.45%     60.37% |          12      5.53%     65.90% |           5      2.30%     68.20% |          14      6.45%     74.65% |          17      7.83%     82.49% |          13      5.99%     88.48% |          15      6.91%     95.39% |          10      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total          217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        8470      6.32%      6.32% |        8219      6.13%     12.45% |        7980      5.95%     18.40% |        8359      6.24%     24.64% |        8120      6.06%     30.70% |        8316      6.20%     36.90% |        8386      6.26%     43.15% |        8414      6.28%     49.43% |        8512      6.35%     55.78% |        8316      6.20%     61.98% |        8414      6.28%     68.26% |        8456      6.31%     74.57% |        8638      6.44%     81.01% |        8582      6.40%     87.42% |        8428      6.29%     93.70% |        8442      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       134052                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1303      6.31%      6.31% |        1330      6.44%     12.75% |        1456      7.05%     19.80% |        1246      6.03%     25.83% |        1316      6.37%     32.20% |        1288      6.24%     38.44% |        1261      6.11%     44.54% |        1260      6.10%     50.64% |        1330      6.44%     57.08% |        1134      5.49%     62.57% |        1232      5.96%     68.54% |        1233      5.97%     74.51% |        1204      5.83%     80.34% |        1274      6.17%     86.51% |        1470      7.12%     93.62% |        1317      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        20654                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        9845      6.23%      6.23% |        9911      6.27%     12.50% |        9950      6.30%     18.80% |        9901      6.27%     25.07% |        9916      6.28%     31.34% |        9889      6.26%     37.60% |        9907      6.27%     43.87% |        9900      6.27%     50.14% |        9845      6.23%     56.37% |        9835      6.22%     62.60% |        9865      6.24%     68.84% |        9821      6.22%     75.06% |        9822      6.22%     81.27% |        9880      6.25%     87.53% |        9851      6.24%     93.76% |        9857      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       157995                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |          42      3.90%      3.90% |          42      3.90%      7.79% |          70      6.49%     14.29% |          56      5.19%     19.48% |          56      5.19%     24.68% |          84      7.79%     32.47% |          84      7.79%     40.26% |          84      7.79%     48.05% |          84      7.79%     55.84% |          84      7.79%     63.64% |          84      7.79%     71.43% |          84      7.79%     79.22% |          70      6.49%     85.71% |          70      6.49%     92.21% |          42      3.90%     96.10% |          42      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       65327      6.21%      6.21% |       65277      6.21%     12.42% |       64988      6.18%     18.60% |       65616      6.24%     24.84% |       65025      6.18%     31.02% |       64975      6.18%     37.20% |       65151      6.19%     43.39% |       65503      6.23%     49.62% |       65515      6.23%     55.85% |       65134      6.19%     62.04% |       69041      6.56%     68.61% |       66188      6.29%     74.90% |       65984      6.27%     81.17% |       65956      6.27%     87.44% |       67112      6.38%     93.82% |       64955      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051747                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |          68      3.88%      3.88% |          70      4.00%      7.88% |          95      5.43%     13.31% |          96      5.48%     18.79% |          95      5.43%     24.21% |         139      7.94%     32.15% |         139      7.94%     40.09% |         136      7.77%     47.86% |         139      7.94%     55.80% |         139      7.94%     63.74% |         136      7.77%     71.50% |         140      8.00%     79.50% |         111      6.34%     85.84% |         111      6.34%     92.18% |          67      3.83%     96.00% |          70      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         1751                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           3     11.11%     18.52% |           2      7.41%     25.93% |           3     11.11%     37.04% |           1      3.70%     40.74% |           1      3.70%     44.44% |           4     14.81%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           1      3.70%     66.67% |           4     14.81%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           3     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           3     11.11%     18.52% |           2      7.41%     25.93% |           3     11.11%     37.04% |           1      3.70%     40.74% |           1      3.70%     44.44% |           4     14.81%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           1      3.70%     66.67% |           4     14.81%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           3     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          68      3.88%      3.88% |          70      4.00%      7.88% |          95      5.43%     13.31% |          96      5.48%     18.79% |          95      5.43%     24.21% |         139      7.94%     32.15% |         139      7.94%     40.09% |         136      7.77%     47.86% |         139      7.94%     55.80% |         139      7.94%     63.74% |         136      7.77%     71.50% |         140      8.00%     79.50% |         111      6.34%     85.84% |         111      6.34%     92.18% |          67      3.83%     96.00% |          70      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         1751                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
